On my sixty-eighth birthday, I decided to give my young adult children some advice. I am not a frequent advice giver but soon I was able to write down 68 bits. To my surprise, I had more to say than I thought. So for the next several years I wrote down a batch of advice on my birthday, and shared it with my family and friends. They wanted more. I kept going until I had about 450 bits of advice I wished I'd known when I was younger.
환갑을 맞아 저는 청년이 된 자녀들에게 몇 가지 조언을 해주기로 결심했습니다. 저는 조언을 자주 하는 편은 아니지만 곧 68개의 조언을 적을 수 있었습니다. 놀랍게도 제 생각보다 할 말이 많았어요. 그래서 그 후 몇 년 동안 제 생일에 조언을 한꺼번에 적어 가족 및 친구들과 공유했습니다. 그들은 더 많은 것을 원했습니다. 어렸을 때 알았더라면 좋았을 조언이 450개 정도 될 때까지 계속 썼어요.

I am primarily channeling the wisdom of the ages. I am offering advice I have heard from others, or timeless knowledge repeated from the past, or a modern aphorism that matched my own experience. I doubt any of it is truly original, although I have tried to put everything in my own words. I think of these bits as seeds because each one of them could easily be expanded into a long essay. Indeed, I have spent most of my time writing by compressing these substantial lessons into as compact and tweetable forms as possible. You are encouraged to expand these seeds as you read to fill your own situation.
저는 주로 시대의 지혜를 전달하고 있습니다. 다른 사람에게서 들은 조언이나 과거로부터 반복되는 시대를 초월한 지식, 또는 내 경험과 일치하는 현대 격언을 제공하고 있습니다. 모든 것을 제 말로 표현하려고 노력했지만 그 어떤 것도 진정으로 독창적인 것은 아닐 것입니다. 저는 이 글들을 씨앗이라고 생각하는데, 각각의 글들이 긴 에세이로 쉽게 확장될 수 있기 때문입니다. 실제로 저는 이 방대한 교훈을 최대한 간결하고 트윗할 수 있는 형태로 압축하여 글을 쓰는 데 대부분의 시간을 보냈습니다. 여러분도 이 씨앗을 읽으면서 자신의 상황에 맞게 확장해 보시기 바랍니다.

If you find these proverbs align with your experience, share them with someone younger than yourself.
이러한 속담이 자신의 경험과 일치하는 부분이 있다면 자신보다 나이가 어린 사람과 공유하세요.

---Kevin Kelly, Pacifica, California, 2023
---2023년, 캘리포니아주 퍼시피카, 케빈 켈리
%
Learn how to learn from those you disagree with or even offend you.
동의하지 않거나 기분을 상하게 하는 사람들로부터 배우는 방법을 알아보세요.

See if you can find the truth in what they believe.
그들이 믿는 것에서 진실을 찾을 수 있는지 알아보세요.
%
Being enthusiastic is worth 25 IQ points.
열정적인 태도는 IQ 25점의 가치가 있습니다.
%
Listening well is a superpower.
잘 듣는 것은 초능력입니다.

While listening to someone you love keep asking them “Is there more?” until there is no more.
사랑하는 사람의 이야기를 들으면서 "더 있나요?"라고 더 이상 나오지 않을 때까지 계속 물어보세요.
%
Always demand a deadline because it weeds out the extraneous and the ordinary.
항상 마감일을 요구하면 불필요한 일과 평범한 일을 걸러낼 수 있습니다.

A deadline prevents you from trying to make it perfect so you have to make it different.
마감일이 다가오면 완벽을 기할 수 없으므로 다른 방식으로 만들어야 합니다.

Different is better. 다를수록 좋습니다.
%
Don't be afraid to ask a question that may sound stupid because 99% of the time everyone else is thinking of the same question and is too embarrassed to ask it.
99%의 경우 다른 사람들이 같은 질문을 하고 있고 부끄러워서 질문하지 못하기 때문에 바보처럼 들릴 수 있는 질문을 하는 것을 두려워하지 마세요.
%
Prototype your life. 삶을 프로토타이핑하세요.

Try stuff instead of making grand plans.
거창한 계획을 세우는 대신 여러 가지를 시도해 보세요.
%
When you forgive others they may not notice but you will heal.
다른 사람을 용서하면 상대방은 눈치채지 못할지 몰라도 자신은 치유됩니다.

Forgiveness is not something we do for others; it is a gift to ourselves.
용서는 다른 사람을 위해 하는 것이 아니라 스스로에게 주는 선물입니다.
%
The fact that you “can't do” something can be embarrassing.
무언가를 '할 수 없다'는 사실은 당황스러울 수 있습니다.

But if you are “learning to do” something that is admirable.
그러나 만약 당신이 무언가를 "배우는 중"이라면, 그것은 훌륭한 일입니다.

There are only tiny baby steps between can't and learning.
할 수 없는 것과 배우는 것 사이에는 아주 작은 단계가 있을 뿐입니다.
%
Don't measure your life with someone else's ruler.
다른 사람의 자로 자신의 삶을 측정하지 마세요.
%
When someone tells you what ticks them off they are telling you what makes them tick.
누군가가 자신을 짜증나게 하는 것이 무엇인지 말하는 것은 곧 자신을 짜증나게 하는 것이 무엇인지 말하는 것입니다.
%
Collecting things benefits you only if you display your collection prominently and share it in joy with others.
수집한 물건을 눈에 잘 띄게 전시하고 다른 사람들과 즐겁게 공유할 때만 수집에 대한 보람을 느낄 수 있습니다.

The opposite of this is hoarding.
그 반대는 사재기입니다.
%
Taking a break is not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
휴식을 취하는 것은 약해졌다는 신호가 아니라 강해졌다는 신호입니다.
%
A major part of travel is to leave stuff behind.
여행의 가장 중요한 부분은 물건을 두고 떠나는 것입니다.

The more you leave behind the further you will advance.
더 많이 남길수록 더 멀리 전진할 수 있습니다.
%
You don't have to attend every argument you are invited to.
초대받은 모든 토론에 참석할 필요는 없습니다.
%
A worthy goal for a year is to learn enough about a subject so that you can't believe how ignorant you were a year earlier.
1년 동안의 가치 있는 목표는 1년 전에 얼마나 무지했는지 믿을 수 없을 정도로 한 주제에 대해 충분히 배우는 것입니다.
%
You can't reason someone out of a notion that they didn't reason themselves into.
스스로 생각하지도 않은 개념으로 누군가를 설득할 수는 없습니다.
%
Gratitude will unlock all other virtues and is something you can get better at.
감사는 다른 모든 덕목의 잠금을 해제하고 더 잘할 수 있는 것입니다.
%
When you are anxious because of your to-do list take comfort in your have-done list.
할 일 목록 때문에 불안할 때는 이미 완료한 목록에서 위안을 얻으세요.
%
Treating a person to a meal never fails and is so easy to do.
한 사람에게 식사를 대접하는 것은 결코 실패하지 않으며 매우 쉽습니다.

It's powerful with old friends and a great way to make new friends.
오랜 친구에게는 강력하고 새로운 친구를 사귀기에도 좋은 방법입니다.
%
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
고통은 피할 수 없습니다. 고통은 선택 사항입니다.
%
If you are looking for something in your house and you finally find it when you're done with it don't put it back where you found it.
집안에서 무언가를 찾고 있다가 겨우 찾았다고 해서 원래 있던 곳에 다시 두지 마세요.

Put it back where you first looked for it.
처음 찾았던 곳에 다시 넣으세요.
%
Movement plus variety equals health.
움직임과 다양성은 곧 건강입니다.
%
Never use a credit card for credit.
신용카드를 신용카드로 사용하지 마세요.

The only kind of credit, or debt that is acceptable is debt to acquire something whose exchange value is extremely likely to increase like a home.
허용되는 신용 또는 부채의 종류는 주택과 같이 교환 가치가 매우 높아질 가능성이 높은 물건을 구입하기 위한 부채뿐입니다.

The exchange value of most things diminishes or vanishes the moment you purchase them.
대부분의 물건은 구입하는 순간 교환 가치가 감소하거나 사라집니다.

Don't be in debt to losers.
패자에게 빚을 지지 마세요.
%
A great way to understand yourself is to seriously reflect on everything you find irritating in others.
자신을 이해하는 가장 좋은 방법은 다른 사람에게서 짜증나는 모든 것을 진지하게 성찰하는 것입니다.
%
The advantage of a ridiculously ambitious goal is that it sets the bar very high so even if your effort falls short it may exceed an ordinary success.
터무니없이 야심찬 목표의 장점은 기준을 매우 높게 설정하기 때문에 노력이 부족하더라도 평범한 성공을 넘어설 수 있다는 것입니다.
%
When you give away 10% of your income you lose 10% of your purchasing power which is minor compared to the 110% increase in happiness you will gain.
수입의 10%를 기부하면 구매력의 10%를 잃게 되지만, 이는 110%의 행복 증가에 비하면 미미한 수준입니다.
%
The best way to learn anything is to try to teach what you know.
무엇이든 배우는 가장 좋은 방법은 아는 것을 가르치는 것입니다.
%
Whenever you have a choice between being right or being kind be kind. No exceptions.
옳은 것과 친절한 것 사이에서 선택의 기로에 놓일 때마다 친절하게 행동하세요. 예외는 없습니다.

Don't confuse kindness with weakness.
친절과 나약함을 혼동하지 마세요.
%
We lack rites of passage.
우리에게는 통과의례가 부족합니다.

Create a memorable family ceremony when your child reaches legal adulthood between eighteen and twenty-one.
자녀가 18세에서 21세 사이에 법적 성인이 되면 기억에 남는 가족 의식을 준비하세요.

This moment will become a significant touchstone in their life.
이 순간은 그들의 인생에서 중요한 시금석이 될 것입니다.
%
The best way to get to yes in a negotiation is to truly understand what yes means for the other party.
협상에서 승낙을 이끌어내는 가장 좋은 방법은 상대방에게 승낙이 어떤 의미인지 진정으로 이해하는 것입니다.
%
Recipe for greatness: 위대함을 위한 레시피:

Become just a teeny bit better than you were last year.
작년보다 조금 더 나은 사람이 되세요.

Repeat every year. 매년 반복합니다.
%
Draw to discover what you see.
그림을 그려서 보이는 것을 발견하세요.

Write to discover what you think.
글을 써서 여러분의 생각을 알아보세요.
%
Whenever you can't decide which path to take pick the one that produces change.
어떤 길을 택할지 결정할 수 없을 때는 변화를 가져오는 길을 선택하세요.
%
The quickest checkout line will be the one with the fewest people no matter the size of their carts.
가장 빠른 계산대 줄은 카트 크기와 상관없이 사람이 가장 적은 줄입니다.
%
Choose not to be outraged today.
오늘은 분노하지 않기로 선택하세요.
%
Habit is far more dependable than inspiration.
습관은 영감보다 훨씬 더 신뢰할 수 있습니다.

Make progress by making habits.
습관을 만들어 발전하세요.

Don't focus on getting into shape.
몸매 가꾸기에만 집중하지 마세요.

Focus on becoming the kind of person who never misses a workout.
운동을 절대 빠지지 않는 사람이 되는 데 집중하세요.
%
If you are the smartest person in the room, you are in the wrong room.
이 방에서 가장 똑똑한 사람이라면 방을 잘못 찾은 것입니다.

Hang out with, and learn from people smarter than yourself.
나보다 똑똑한 사람들과 어울리고 그들로부터 배우세요.

Even better, find smart people who will disagree with you.
더 좋은 방법은 여러분의 의견에 동의하지 않는 똑똑한 사람들을 찾는 것입니다.
%
You should demand extraordinary evidence in order to believe extraordinary claims.
특별한 주장을 믿으려면 특별한 증거를 요구해야 합니다.
%
Rule of 3 in conversation:
대화의 3원칙:

To get to the real reason, ask a person to go deeper than what they just said.
진짜 이유를 파악하려면 상대방이 방금 말한 내용보다 더 깊이 들어가 보도록 요청하세요.

Then again, and then once more.
그리고 다시 한 번, 그리고 다시 한 번.

The third time's answer is the one closest to the truth.
세 번째 정답이 진실에 가장 가까운 정답입니다.
%
Pros make as many mistakes as amateurs; they've just learned how to gracefully recover from their mistakes.
프로는 아마추어만큼이나 실수를 많이 하지만, 실수로부터 우아하게 회복하는 방법을 배웠을 뿐입니다.
%
Don't be the best. Be the only.
최고가 되려고 하지 마세요. 유일한 사람이 되세요.
%
Everyone is shy. 누구나 부끄러워합니다.

Other people are waiting for you to introduce yourself to them; they are waiting for you to send them an email; they are waiting for you to ask them on a date.
다른 사람들은 여러분이 자신을 소개해 주기를 기다리고, 이메일을 보내 주기를 기다리고, 데이트를 신청해 주기를 기다리고 있습니다.

Go ahead.
%
The more you are interested in others the more interesting they'll find you.
다른 사람에게 더 많은 관심을 가질수록 상대방도 나를 더 흥미롭게 찾을 수 있습니다.

To be interesting, be interested.
흥미를 가지려면 관심을 가져야 합니다.
%
Don't take it personally when someone turns you down.
상대방이 거절하더라도 개인적으로 받아들이지 마세요.

Assume they are like you:
상대방이 여러분과 같다고 가정해 보세요:

busy, occupied, distracted.
바쁘고, 바쁘고, 산만합니다.

Try again later. It's amazing how often a second try works.
나중에 다시 시도하세요. 두 번째 시도가 얼마나 자주 성공하는지 놀랍습니다.
%
The purpose of a habit is to remove that action from self-negotiation.
습관의 목적은 자기 협상에서 그 행동을 제거하는 것입니다.

You no longer expend energy deciding whether to do it.
이제 더 이상 실행 여부를 결정하는 데 에너지를 소비하지 않아도 됩니다.

You just do it. 그냥 하세요.

Good habits can range from telling the truth to flossing.
좋은 습관은 진실을 말하는 것부터 치실 사용까지 다양합니다.
%
Promptness is a sign of respect.
신속함은 존중의 표시입니다.
%
When you are young, spend at least 6 months to 1 year living as cheaply as you can owning as little as you possibly can eating beans and rice in a tiny room or tent.
젊을 때는 작은 방이나 텐트에서 콩과 쌀을 먹으며 최대한 저렴하게 살 수 있는 최소 6개월에서 1년을 보내세요.

That way any time you have to risk something in the future, you won't be afraid of the “worst-case” scenario.
이렇게 하면 앞으로 어떤 위험을 감수해야 할 때에도 '최악의 시나리오'를 두려워하지 않아도 됩니다.
%
Trust me: There is no “them.”
절 믿으세요: "그들"은 없습니다.
%
Tend to the small things.
사소한 것부터 챙기세요.

More people are defeated by blisters than by mountains.
산보다 물집에 더 많은 사람들이 패배합니다.
%
You lead by letting others know what you expect of them which may exceed what they themselves expect.
다른 사람에게 기대하는 바를 알려줌으로써 다른 사람이 기대하는 바를 뛰어넘는 리더십을 발휘할 수 있습니다.

Provide them a reputation that they can step up to.
고객이 신뢰할 수 있는 평판을 제공하세요.
%
If you ask for someone's feedback you'll get a critic.
다른 사람의 피드백을 요청하면 비평가를 받을 수 있습니다.

But if instead you ask for advice you'll get a partner.
하지만 대신 조언을 구하면 파트너를 구할 수 있습니다.
%
The Golden Rule will never fail you.
황금률은 절대 실패하지 않습니다.

It is the foundation of all other virtues.
이는 다른 모든 덕목의 기초입니다.
%
To make something good, just do it.
좋은 것을 만들려면 그냥 하세요.

To make something great, just redo it redo it, redo it.
멋진 것을 만들려면 다시 하고 다시 하고 다시 하면 됩니다.

The secret to making fine things is in remaking them.
좋은 물건을 만드는 비결은 리메이킹에 있습니다.
%
This is true:

It's hard to cheat an honest person.
정직한 사람을 속이는 것은 어렵습니다.
%
Expand your mind by thinking with your feet on a walk or with your hand in a notebook.
산책을 하면서 발로 생각하거나 공책에 손을 대고 생각하면서 생각을 확장하세요.

Think outside your brain.
머릿속에서 벗어나 생각하세요.
%
At first, buy the absolute cheapest tools you can find.
처음에는 가능한 한 가장 저렴한 도구를 구입하세요.

Upgrade the ones you use a lot.
많이 사용하는 앱은 업그레이드하세요.

If you wind up using some tool for a job buy the very best you can afford.
업무에 어떤 도구를 사용하게 된다면 감당할 수 있는 최고급 제품을 구입하세요.
%
Shorten your to-do list by asking yourself “What is the worst that will happen if this does not get done?”
"이 작업을 수행하지 않으면 어떤 최악의 상황이 발생할까?"라고 스스로에게 질문하여 할 일 목록을 줄이세요.

Eliminate all but the disasters.
재난을 제외한 모든 것을 제거합니다.
%
To move through a place you may not be permitted, act like you belong there.
출입이 금지된 장소를 통과하려면 그곳에 속한 사람처럼 행동하세요.
%
Nothing elevates a person higher than taking responsibility for their mistakes.
자신의 실수에 대해 책임을 지는 것만큼 사람을 높여주는 것은 없습니다.

If you mess up, fess up.
실수했으면 인정하세요.

It's astounding how powerful this ownership is.
이러한 소유권이 얼마나 강력한지 놀랍습니다.
%
Hatred is a curse that does not affect the hated.
증오는 미움을 받는 사람에게 영향을 미치지 않는 저주입니다.

It only poisons the hater.
싫어하는 사람에게만 독이 됩니다.

Release a grudge as if it were a poison.
원한을 독약처럼 풀어버리세요.
%
Don't take a job because it pays the most money.
가장 많은 돈을 받는다고 해서 일자리를 구하지 마세요.
%
You can obsess about your customers or you can obsess about beating the competition.
고객에 집착할 수도 있고 경쟁에서 이기는 것에 집착할 수도 있습니다.

Both work, but of the two obsessing about your customers will take you further.
둘 다 효과가 있지만, 둘 중 고객에 대한 집착이 더 큰 도움이 될 것입니다.
%
“No” is an acceptable answer even without a reason.
"아니오"는 이유 없이도 허용되는 답변입니다.
%
Separate the processes of creating from improving.
만드는 과정과 개선하는 과정을 분리하세요.

You can't write and edit or sculpt and polish or make and analyze at the same time.
글쓰기와 편집, 조각과 다듬기, 제작과 분석을 동시에 할 수는 없습니다.

If you do, the editor stops the creator.
그렇게 하면 편집기에서 제작자를 중지합니다.

While you invent, don't select.
발명하는 동안에는 선택하지 마세요.

While you sketch, don't inspect.
스케치하는 동안에는 검사하지 마세요.

While you write the first draft, don't reflect.
초고를 작성하는 동안에는 반성하지 마세요.

At the start, the creator mind must be unleashed from judgment.
처음에는 크리에이터의 마음을 판단에서 해방시켜야 합니다.
%
If you are not falling down occasionally you are just coasting.
가끔씩 넘어지지 않는다면 당신은 그냥 코스팅을 하고 있는 것입니다.
%
Perhaps the most counterintuitive truth of the universe is that the more you give to others the more you'll get.
아마도 우주의 가장 반직관적인 진리는 다른 사람에게 더 많이 베풀수록 더 많은 것을 얻을 수 있다는 것입니다.

Understanding this is the beginning of wisdom.
이를 이해하는 것이 지혜의 시작입니다.
%
Keep showing up. 계속 표시합니다.

99% of success is just showing up.
성공의 99%는 그냥 나타나는 것입니다.

In fact, most success is just persistence.
사실 대부분의 성공은 끈기만 있으면 됩니다.
%
Friends are better than money.
친구는 돈보다 낫습니다.

Almost anything money can do friends can do better.
돈으로 할 수 있는 거의 모든 일을 친구는 더 잘할 수 있습니다.

In so many ways, a friend with a boat is better than owning a boat.
여러 면에서 보트를 가진 친구는 보트를 소유하는 것보다 낫습니다.
%
When an object is lost, 95% of the time it is hiding within arm's reach of where it was last seen.
물건을 잃어버렸을 때, 95%의 경우 마지막으로 본 곳의 손이 닿는 곳에 숨어 있습니다.

Search in all possible locations in that radius and you'll find it.
해당 반경의 가능한 모든 위치에서 검색하면 찾을 수 있습니다.
%
A vacation + a disaster = an adventure.
휴가 + 재난 = 모험.
%
Don't be in haste. 서두르지 마세요.

When you are in a hurry you are more easily conned or manipulated.
서두르면 더 쉽게 속거나 조종당할 수 있습니다.
%
Forgiveness is accepting the apology you will never get.
용서란 결코 받을 수 없는 사과를 받아들이는 것입니다.
%
To cultivate a habit switch your language from “I can or can't do”
습관을 기르려면 "할 수 있다, 할 수 없다"에서 "할 수 있다, 할 수 없다"로 언어를 바꾸세요.

to “I do or don't do.”
를 "한다, 안 한다"로 변경합니다.

You shift the weight from a wavering choice to an unwavering identity.
흔들리는 선택에서 흔들리지 않는 정체성으로 무게 중심을 옮깁니다.
%
Be more generous than necessary.
필요 이상으로 관대하세요.

No one on their deathbed has ever regretted giving too much away.
임종할 때 너무 많은 것을 기부한 것을 후회한 사람은 아무도 없습니다.

There is no point to being the richest person in the cemetery.
묘지에서 가장 부유한 사람이 되는 것은 의미가 없습니다.
%
You need teachers, parents customers, fans, and friends because they will see who you are becoming before you will.
교사, 학부모 고객, 팬, 친구는 여러분이 어떤 사람이 되어 가는지 가장 먼저 볼 수 있는 사람들이기 때문입니다.
%
There is no limit on how much we can improve what we start with.
처음 시작하는 것을 얼마나 개선할 수 있는지에 대한 제한은 없습니다.

There is no limit on better.
더 나은 것에는 한계가 없습니다.
%
Be prepared: When you have 90%
준비하세요: 90% 확보 시

of a large project completed finishing the final details will take another 90%.
완료된 대형 프로젝트의 최종 세부 사항을 마무리하는 데는 90%가 더 걸립니다.

Houses and films are famous for having two 90%s.
집과 영화는 두 개의 90%가 있는 것으로 유명합니다.
%
Before you are old attend as many funerals as you can bear and listen. Nobody talks about the departed's achievements.
나이가 들기 전에 감당할 수 있는 한 많은 장례식에 참석하고 경청하세요. 아무도 고인의 업적에 대해 이야기하지 않습니다.

The only thing people will remember is what kind of person you were while you were achieving.
사람들이 기억할 유일한 것은 당신이 성취하는 동안 어떤 사람이었는지에 대한 것입니다.
%
Anything real begins with the fiction of what could be.
현실의 모든 것은 있을 수 있는 일이라는 허구에서 시작됩니다.

Imagination is therefore the most potent force in the universe.
따라서 상상력은 우주에서 가장 강력한 힘입니다.

And you can get better at it.
그리고 더 잘할 수 있습니다.

It's the one skill in life that benefits from ignoring what everyone else knows.
다른 사람들이 알고 있는 것을 무시함으로써 얻을 수 있는 인생의 유일한 기술입니다.
%
When crises strike don't waste them.
위기가 닥쳤을 때 낭비하지 마세요.

No problems, no progress.
문제도 없고, 진전도 없습니다.
%
You really don't want to be famous.
유명해지고 싶지 않으세요?

Read the biography of any famous person.
유명한 인물의 전기를 읽어보세요.
%
On vacation go to the most remote place on your itinerary first bypassing the cities and then return to the big city at the end.
휴가 중에는 먼저 도시를 우회하여 여정에서 가장 외딴 곳으로 이동한 다음 마지막에 대도시로 돌아오세요.

You'll maximize the shock of otherness in the remote, and then later you'll welcome the familiar conveniences of a busy city on the way back.
외딴 곳에서 낯섦의 충격을 극대화한 다음, 돌아오는 길에 바쁜 도시의 익숙한 편리함을 맞이할 수 있습니다.
%
When you get invited to do something in the future ask yourself: Would I do this tomorrow?
앞으로 어떤 일을 하라는 초대를 받으면 스스로에게 물어보세요: 내가 내일 이 일을 할 수 있을까?

Not too many promises will pass that immediacy filter.
이 즉시성 필터를 통과하는 약속은 그리 많지 않습니다.
%
Don't say anything about someone in email you would not be comfortable saying to them directly because eventually it /will/ reach them.
이메일에는 상대방에게 직접 말하기 불편한 내용을 말하지 마세요. 언젠가는 상대방에게 전달될 것이기 때문입니다.
%
If you ask to be hired mainly because you need a job you are just another problem for the boss; if you can solve many of the problems the boss has right now you are hired.
단순히 일자리가 필요해서 채용을 요청한다면 상사에게 또 다른 문제일 뿐이지만, 상사가 현재 겪고 있는 많은 문제를 해결할 수 있다면 채용될 수 있습니다.

To be hired, think like your boss.
채용되려면 상사처럼 생각하세요.
%
It is not a compliment if it comes with a request.
요청과 함께 제공되는 것은 칭찬이 아닙니다.
%
Art is in what you leave out.
예술은 당신이 생략한 것 속에 있습니다.
%
Acquiring things will rarely bring you deep satisfaction.
물건을 얻는다고 해서 깊은 만족감을 얻는 경우는 드뭅니다.

But acquiring experiences will.
하지만 경험을 쌓는 것은 중요합니다.
%
You are what you do.
여러분은 여러분이 하는 일입니다.

Not what you say not what you believe not how you vote but what you spend your time on.
무슨 말을 하느냐가 아니라 어떻게 투표하느냐가 아니라 무엇을 위해 시간을 보내느냐가 중요합니다.
%
Rule of 7 in research:
연구에서의 7의 법칙:

You can find out anything if you are willing to go seven levels.
일곱 단계만 거치면 무엇이든 찾을 수 있습니다.

If the first source you ask doesn't know ask them who you should ask next and so on down the line.
첫 번째 출처가 모르는 경우 다음에 누구에게 물어봐야 하는지 물어보는 식으로 진행하세요.

If you are willing to go to the seventh source you'll almost always get your answer.
일곱 번째 출처를 기꺼이 찾아간다면 거의 항상 답을 얻을 수 있습니다.
%
To earn bliss just for a moment send someone you don't know a compliment for something they did.
잠시나마 행복을 얻으려면 모르는 사람에게 칭찬을 보내보세요.
%
When someone is nasty, hateful, or mean toward you treat their behavior like an affliction or illness they have.
누군가 당신에게 불쾌하거나, 증오하거나, 비열한 태도를 보일 때는 그 사람의 행동을 자신이 앓고 있는 고통이나 질병처럼 여기세요.

That makes it easier to have empathy toward them which can soften the conflict.
그러면 상대방에 대한 공감이 더 쉬워져 갈등이 완화될 수 있습니다.
%
Eliminating clutter makes room for your true treasures.
어수선함을 없애면 진정한 보물을 위한 공간이 생깁니다.
%
Don't ever respond to a solicitation or a proposal on the phone.
전화로 오는 권유나 제안에 절대 응하지 마세요.

The urgency is a disguise for a scam.
긴급한 상황은 사기를 위장하는 것입니다.
%
Experience is overrated. Most breakthrough accomplishments were done by people doing them for the first time.
경험은 과대평가됩니다. 대부분의 획기적인 업적은 처음 해보는 사람들이 이루어냈습니다.

Therefore when hiring hire for aptitude and attitude and then train for skills.
따라서 채용 시 적성과 태도를 먼저 파악한 다음 기술 교육을 실시합니다.
%
How to apologize: 사과하는 방법:

quickly, specifically, sincerely.
신속하고, 구체적이고, 성실하게 답변해 드립니다.

Don't ruin an apology with an excuse.
변명으로 사과를 망치지 마세요.
%
Don't bother asking a barber if you need a haircut.
이발사에게 이발이 필요한지 물어볼 필요가 없습니다.

Pay attention to incentives.
인센티브에 주목하세요.
%
That thing that made you weird as a kid could make you great as an adult ---if you don't lose it.
어렸을 때 당신을 이상하게 만들었던 것이 어른이 되어서는 당신을 훌륭하게 만들 수 있습니다.

%

Following your bliss is a recipe for paralysis if you don't know what you are
passionate about. A better path for most youth is "master something." Through
mastery of one thing you'll command a viewpoint to steadily find where your
bliss is.

자신이 무엇에 열정적인지 모른다면 행복을 좇는 것은 마비로 이어지는 지름길입니다.
대부분의 젊은이들에게 더 나은 길은 "무언가를 통달하는 것"입니다. 한 가지를
통달하면 자신의 행복이 어디에 있는지 꾸준히 찾을 수 있는 시각을 갖게 될
것입니다.
%

To quiet a crowd or a drunk, just whisper.
군중이나 취객을 조용히 시키려면 속삭이세요.
%
When you lend something pretend you are gifting.
무언가를 빌려줄 때는 선물하는 것처럼 행동하세요.

If it is returned you'll be surprised and happy.
반품이 완료되면 놀라움과 행복을 느끼실 것입니다.
%
You are never too young to wonder “Why am I still doing this?”
"내가 왜 아직도 이 일을 하고 있지?"라고 생각하기에 너무 어리지는 않으셨나요?

You need to have an excellent answer.
훌륭한 답변이 있어야 합니다.
%
A balcony or porch needs to be at least 6 feet (2 meters) deep or it won't be used.
발코니 또는 현관은 최소 6피트(2m) 깊이가 되어야 하며, 그렇지 않을 경우 사용할 수 없습니다.
%
Life gets better as you replace transactions with relationships.
거래를 관계로 대체하면 삶이 더 좋아집니다.
%
Investing small amounts of money over a long time works miracles but no one wants to get rich slow.
적은 돈을 장기간에 걸쳐 투자하면 기적이 일어나지만 느리게 부자가 되고 싶어하는 사람은 없습니다.
%
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
가장 중요한 것은 가장 중요한 것을 가장 중요한 것으로 유지하는 것입니다.
%
When in doubt, overtip. 의심스러우면 팁을 더 주세요.
%
To build strong children reinforce their sense of belonging to a family by articulating exactly what is distinctive about your family.
자녀를 강하게 키우려면 가족의 특징을 정확히 표현하여 가족에 대한 소속감을 강화하세요.

They should be able to say with pride “Our family does X.”
"우리 가족은 X를 합니다."라고 자랑스럽게 말할 수 있어야 합니다.
%
If you are not embarrassed by your past self you have probably not grown up yet.
과거의 자신이 부끄럽지 않다면 아직 성장하지 않은 것일 수 있습니다.
%
Outlaw the word “you” "당신"이라는 단어 사용 금지

during domestic arguments.
가정 내 다툼 중에
%
If you have any doubt at all about being able to carry a load in one trip do yourself a huge favor and make two trips.
한 번의 여행으로 짐을 운반할 수 있을지 조금이라도 의문이 든다면 두 번 여행하는 것이 좋습니다.
%
Over the long term the future is decided by optimists.
장기적으로 볼 때 미래는 낙관론자들에 의해 결정됩니다.

To be an optimist you don't have to ignore the multitude of problems we create; you just have to imagine how much our ability to solve problems improves.
낙관주의자가 되려면 우리가 만들어내는 수많은 문제를 무시할 필요 없이, 문제 해결 능력이 얼마나 향상되는지 상상해 보세요.
%
Don't let someone else's urgency become your emergency.
다른 사람의 긴급 상황이 나의 긴급 상황이 되지 않도록 하세요.

In fact, don't be governed by the urgent of any sort.
사실, 어떤 종류의 긴급한 상황에도 휘둘리지 마세요.

Focus on the important. 중요한 일에 집중하세요.

The urgent is a tyrant.
급한 사람은 폭군입니다.

The important should be your king.
중요한 것은 왕이 되어야 합니다.

Down with the tyranny of the urgent!
긴급을 다투는 폭정은 이제 그만!
%
Learn how to take a 20-minute power nap without embarrassment.
당황하지 않고 20분 동안 낮잠을 자는 방법을 알아보세요.
%
Paradoxically, the worst evils in the world are committed by those who truly believe they are combating evil.
역설적이게도 세상에서 가장 나쁜 악은 자신이 악과 싸우고 있다고 진정으로 믿는 사람들이 저지릅니다.

Be extremely vigilant with /yourself when facing evil.
악에 맞설 때는 /자신에 대해 극도로 경계하세요.
%
Don't reserve you kindest praise for a person until their eulogy.
한 사람의 추도사가 끝날 때까지 그 사람에 대한 친절한 칭찬을 아끼지 마세요.

Tell them while they are alive when it makes a difference to them Write it in a letter they can keep.
부모님이 살아 계실 때 자녀에게 전달하세요. 자녀가 보관할 수 있는 편지로 작성하세요.
%
Fear is fueled by a lack of imagination.
두려움은 상상력 부족에서 비롯됩니다.

The antidote to fear is not bravery; it looks more like imagination.
두려움에 대한 해독제는 용기가 아니라 상상력에 더 가깝습니다.
%
Train employees well enough that they could get another job but treat them well enough that they never want to.
직원들이 다른 직장을 구할 수 있을 만큼 충분히 교육하되, 결코 원하지 않을 만큼 대우하세요.
%
If it fails where you thought it would fail that is not a failure.
실패할 것이라고 생각한 곳에서 실패하더라도 그것은 실패가 아닙니다.
%
Superheroes and saints never make art.
슈퍼히어로와 성인은 결코 예술을 만들지 않습니다.

Only imperfect beings can make art because art begins in what is broken.
불완전한 존재만이 예술을 만들 수 있습니다. 예술은 깨진 것에서 시작되기 때문입니다.
%
If someone is trying to convince you it's not a pyramid scheme it's a pyramid scheme.
누군가가 다단계가 아니라고 설득하려 한다면 그것은 다단계 사기입니다.
%
Don't create things to make money; make money so you can create things.
돈을 벌기 위해 무언가를 만들지 말고, 돈을 벌어서 무언가를 만들 수 있도록 하세요.

The reward for good work is more work.
좋은 일에 대한 보상은 더 많은 일입니다.
%
Leave a gate behind you the way you first found it.
대문은 처음 발견한 그대로 남겨두세요.
%
In 100 years a lot of what we take to be true now will be proved to be wrong, maybe even embarrassingly wrong.
100년 후에는 지금 우리가 진실이라고 여기는 많은 것들이 틀린 것으로 판명될 것이며, 심지어 당황스러울 정도로 틀린 것일 수도 있습니다.

A good question to ask yourself today is “What might I be wrong about?”
오늘 스스로에게 물어볼 좋은 질문은 "내가 무엇을 잘못하고 있을까?"입니다.

This is the only worry worth having.
이것은 걱정할 가치가 있는 유일한 걱정입니다.
%
Learn how to tie a bowline knot.
보우라인 매듭을 묶는 방법을 알아보세요.

Practice in the dark. With one hand.
어둠 속에서 연습하세요. 한 손으로.

For the rest of your life you'll use this knot more times than you would ever believe.
평생 이 매듭을 생각보다 더 많이 사용하게 될 것입니다.
%
The greatest rewards come from working on something that nobody has words for.
가장 큰 보람은 누구도 말로 표현할 수 없는 일을 해냈을 때 찾아옵니다.

If you possibly can work where there are no names for what you do.
자신이 하는 일에 이름이 없는 곳에서 일할 수 있다면 말입니다.
%
On the way to a grand goal celebrate the smallest victories as if each one were the final goal.
큰 목표를 향해 가는 길에 작은 승리를 하나하나가 최종 목표인 것처럼 축하하세요.

That way, no matter where it ends you are victorious.
그렇게 하면 어디에서 끝나든 승리할 수 있습니다.
%
In all things---except love---
모든 것에서--- 사랑만 빼고---

start with the exit strategy.

Prepare for the ending. 엔딩을 준비합니다.

Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
거의 모든 것이 빠져나오는 것보다 들어가기가 더 쉽습니다.
%
Don't aim to have others like you; aim to have them respect you.
다른 사람들이 나를 좋아하게 만드는 것이 목표가 아니라 나를 존중하게 만드는 것이 목표입니다.
%
The foundation of maturity:
성숙의 기초:

Just because it's not your fault doesn't mean it's not your responsibility.
귀하의 잘못이 아니라고 해서 책임이 없다는 의미는 아닙니다.
%
A multitude of bad ideas is necessary for one good idea.
하나의 좋은 아이디어를 위해서는 수많은 나쁜 아이디어가 필요합니다.
%
The hard part in predicting the future is to forget everything you expect it to be.
미래를 예측할 때 가장 어려운 부분은 예상되는 모든 것을 잊어버리는 것입니다.
%
Compliment people behind their back.
사람들의 등 뒤에서 칭찬하세요.

It'll come back to you.
다시 돌아올 것입니다.
%
Most overnight successes ---in fact, any significant successes---
대부분의 하룻밤 성공 --- 사실, 모든 중요한 성공---

take at least 5 years.
최소 5년이 걸립니다.

Budget your life accordingly.
그에 따라 생활 예산을 책정하세요.
%
The job of a grandparent is to grandparent, not to parent.
조부모의 역할은 부모가 아니라 조부모가 하는 일입니다.

Parent's house, parent rules.
부모의 집, 부모의 규칙.

Grandparent's house, grandparent rules.
조부모의 집, 조부모의 규칙.
%
You don't need more time because you already have all the time that you will ever get; you need more focus.
이미 주어진 시간은 충분하기 때문에 더 많은 시간이 필요한 것이 아니라 집중력이 더 필요합니다.
%
The foolish person winds up doing at the end what the smart person does at the beginning.
어리석은 사람은 결국 똑똑한 사람이 처음에 하는 일을 마지막에 하게 됩니다.
%
For marital bliss take turns allowing each partner to be always right.
부부의 행복을 위해 번갈아 가며 각 파트너가 항상 옳을 수 있도록 하세요.
%
If the cost of something is not advertised it is a sign that it's more than you can afford.
어떤 제품의 가격이 광고되지 않았다면 감당할 수 있는 가격보다 비싸다는 신호입니다.
%
Everyone's time is finite and shrinking.
모든 사람의 시간은 유한하며 점점 줄어들고 있습니다.

The highest leverage you can get with your money is to buy someone else's time.
돈으로 얻을 수 있는 가장 큰 영향력은 다른 사람의 시간을 사는 것입니다.

Hire and outsource when you can.
가능하면 고용하고 아웃소싱하세요.
%
Your best response to an insult is “You're probably right.”
모욕에 대한 최선의 대응은 "당신 말이 맞을 겁니다."입니다.

Often they are. 종종 그렇습니다.
%
Assume anyone asking for your account information for any reason is guilty of scamming you unless proven innocent.
어떤 이유로든 계정 정보를 요구하는 사람은 결백이 입증되지 않는 한 사기죄를 저지른 것으로 간주합니다.

The way to prove innocence is to call them back, or log in to your account using numbers or a website that you provide not them. Don't release any identifying information while they are contacting you via phone, message, or email.
결백을 증명하는 방법은 다시 전화를 걸거나 본인이 제공한 번호 또는 웹사이트를 사용하여 계정에 로그인하는 것입니다. 전화, 메시지 또는 이메일을 통해 연락하는 동안 신원 확인 정보를 공개하지 마세요.

You must control the channel.
채널을 제어해야 합니다.
%
Fear makes people do stupid things so don't trust anything made in fear.
두려움은 사람들을 어리석은 짓을 하게 만들므로 두려움으로 만들어진 것은 믿지 마세요.
%
Be strict with yourself, forgiving of others.
자신에게는 엄격하고 다른 사람에게는 관대하세요.

The reverse is hell for everyone.
그 반대는 모두에게 지옥입니다.
%
If you can avoid seeking the approval of others your power is limitless.
다른 사람의 승인을 구하지 않을 수 있다면 당신의 힘은 무한합니다.
%
Your passions should fit you exactly but your purpose in life should exceed you.
열정은 자신에게 정확히 맞아야 하지만 인생의 목적은 자신을 뛰어넘어야 합니다.

Work for something much larger than yourself.
자신보다 훨씬 더 큰 무언가를 위해 일하세요.
%
When a child asks an endless string of “Why?” questions, the smartest reply is “I don't know, what do you think?”
아이가 "왜?"라는 질문을 끝없이 던질 때 가장 현명한 대답은 "모르겠어, 어떻게 생각해?"입니다.
%
Recipe for success: 성공의 비결:

underpromise and overdeliver.
%
Show me your calendar and I will tell you your priorities.
캘린더를 보여 주시면 우선순위를 알려 드리겠습니다.

Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you where you're going.
친구가 누구인지 알려주면 어디로 가는지 알려드리겠습니다.
%
When brainstorming improvising jamming with others you'll go much further and deeper if you build upon each contribution with a playful “yes---and” example instead of a deflating “no---but” reply.
다른 사람들과 즉흥 잼을 브레인스토밍할 때, "아니요--그러나"라는 단호한 답변 대신 "예--그러나"라는 유쾌한 예시를 통해 각자의 기여를 쌓아간다면 훨씬 더 깊이 있는 브레인스토밍을 진행할 수 있습니다.
%
Work to become, not to acquire.
획득하는 것이 아니라 되기 위해 노력하세요.
%
Contemplating the weaknesses of others is easy; contemplating the weaknesses in yourself is hard but it pays a much higher reward.
다른 사람의 약점을 생각하는 것은 쉽지만, 자신의 약점을 생각하는 것은 어렵지만 훨씬 더 큰 보상을 얻을 수 있습니다.
%
When you are young have friends who are older; when you are old have friends who are younger.
젊을 때는 나이가 많은 친구를 사귀고, 나이가 들면 나이가 어린 친구를 사귀세요.
%
You will complete your mission in life when you figure out what your mission in life is.
인생의 사명이 무엇인지 파악할 때 인생의 사명을 완수할 수 있습니다.

Your purpose is to discover your purpose.
여러분의 목적은 목적을 발견하는 것입니다.

This is not a paradox.
이것은 역설이 아닙니다.

This is the way. 이렇게 하세요.
%
With sharp things always cut away from yourself.
날카로운 물건은 항상 자신에게서 멀어집니다.
%
Calm is contagious. Be calm to help others.
침착함은 전염됩니다. 침착하게 다른 사람을 도와주세요.
%
When someone tells you something is wrong, they're usually right.
누군가가 무언가 잘못되었다고 말하면 대개는 그 말이 맞습니다.

When they tell you how to fix it they're usually wrong.
문제를 해결하는 방법을 알려주면 대개 틀린 경우가 많습니다.
%
You are only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
마지막으로 마음을 바꿨을 때만큼만 젊습니다.
%
When hitchhiking look like the person you want to pick you up.
히치하이킹을 할 때 태워주고 싶은 사람처럼 보이세요.
%
Worth repeating: Measure twice, cut once.
반복할 가치가 있습니다: 두 번 측정하고 한 번 자르세요.
%
Money is overrated. 돈은 과대평가되어 있습니다.

Truly new things rarely need an abundance of money. If that was so, billionaires would have a monopoly on inventing new things, and they don't. Instead, almost all breakthroughs are made by those who lack money. If breakthroughs could be bought, then the rich would buy them.
진정으로 새로운 것을 발명하기 위해 많은 돈이 필요한 경우는 거의 없습니다. 만약 그렇다면 억만장자들이 새로운 것을 발명하는 것을 독점해야 하지만 그렇지 않습니다. 대신 거의 모든 혁신은 돈이 부족한 사람들이 만들어냅니다. 만약 획기적인 기술을 돈으로 살 수 있다면 부자들은 그것을 사들일 것입니다.

Instead, passion, persistence, belief, and ingenuity are required to invent new things qualities the poor and young often have in abundance. Stay hungry.
대신 열정과 끈기, 신념, 독창성을 바탕으로 가난하고 젊은이들이 흔히 가지고 있는 자질인 새로운 것을 발명할 수 있어야 합니다. 배고프지 마세요.
%
If you can't tell what you desperately need it's probably sleep.
자신에게 절실히 필요한 것이 무엇인지 알 수 없다면 아마도 수면일 것입니다.
%
Ignore what others may be thinking of you because they aren't thinking of you.
다른 사람들이 나에 대해 어떻게 생각할지 모른다는 생각은 하지 마세요.
%
Writing down one thing you are grateful for each day is the cheapest possible therapy ever.
매일 감사한 일을 한 가지씩 적는 것은 가장 저렴한 치료법입니다.
%
If you meet a jerk, ignore them.
멍청한 사람을 만나면 무시하세요.

If you meet jerks everywhere every day look deeper into yourself.
매일 어디서나 멍청이를 만난다면 자신을 더 깊이 들여다보세요.
%
It is much easier to change how you think by changing your behavior than it is to change your behavior by changing how you think.
생각을 바꾸어 행동을 바꾸는 것보다 행동을 바꾸어 생각을 바꾸는 것이 훨씬 쉽습니다.

Act out the change you seek.
원하는 변화를 행동으로 옮기세요.
%
If you think you saw a mouse, you did.
쥐를 봤다고 생각한다면 실제로 본 것입니다.

And if there is one, there are more.
그리고 하나만 있으면 더 있습니다.
%
Don't worry how or where you begin.
어디서부터 어떻게 시작해야 할지 걱정하지 마세요.

As long as you keep moving, your success will arrive far from where you start.
계속 움직인다면 시작한 곳에서 멀지 않은 곳에서 성공에 도달할 수 있습니다.
%
Avoid hitting the snooze button.
스누즈 버튼을 누르지 마세요.

That's just training you to oversleep.
그것은 단지 늦잠을 자도록 훈련하는 것입니다.
%
You'll learn a lot more if you ask people “how are you sleeping?”
사람들에게 "잠은 잘 주무세요?"라고 물어보면 훨씬 더 많은 것을 배울 수 있습니다.

instead of “how are you doing?”
"어떻게 지내세요?" 대신 "안녕하세요?"
%
Generally, say less than necessary.
일반적으로 필요 이상으로 말하지 마세요.
%

Each time you connect to people bring them a blessing; then they'll be happy to see you when you bring them a problem.
사람들과 만날 때마다 축복을 전하세요; 그러면 문제가 있을 때 당신을 만나도 기뻐할 것입니다.

%
Even in the tropics it gets colder at night than you think. Pack warmly.
열대 지방에서도 밤에는 생각보다 추워집니다. 따뜻하게 짐을 싸세요.
%
The work on any worthy project is endless, infinite.
가치 있는 프로젝트의 작업은 끝이 없고 무한합니다.

You cannot limit the work so you must limit your hours.
업무를 제한할 수 없으므로 근무 시간을 제한해야 합니다.

Your time, not the work is the only thing you can manage.
업무가 아닌 시간만이 여러분이 관리할 수 있는 유일한 요소입니다.
%
You can reduce the annoyance of someone's stupid belief by increasing your understanding of why they believe it.
누군가의 어리석은 믿음에 대한 성가심을 줄이려면 그들이 왜 그렇게 믿는지에 대한 이해를 높여야 합니다.
%
This is the best time ever to make something.
지금이 무언가를 만들기에 가장 좋은 시기입니다.

None of the greatest, coolest creations 20 years from now have been invented yet.
20년 후의 가장 위대하고 멋진 창작물은 아직 발명되지 않았습니다.

You are not late. 늦지 않았습니다.
%
To transcend the influence of your heroes copy them shamelessly like a student until you get them out of your system.
영웅의 영향력을 초월하려면 영웅을 시스템에서 제거할 때까지 학생처럼 뻔뻔하게 영웅을 모방하세요.

That is the way of all masters.
이것이 모든 대가들의 방식입니다.
%
Things do not need to be perfect to be wonderful.
모든 것이 완벽할 필요는 없습니다.

Especially weddings. 특히 결혼식.
%
When you are stuck, sleep on it.
막히면 잠을 자세요.

Give your subconscious an assignment while you sleep.
잠자는 동안 잠재의식에게 과제를 부여하세요.

You'll have an answer in the morning.
아침에 답변을 받으실 수 있습니다.
%
All the greatest prizes in life in wealth, relationships, or knowledge come from the magic of compounding interest by amplifying small steady gains.
부, 인간관계, 지식 등 인생에서 가장 큰 보상은 모두 작은 이익을 꾸준히 증폭시키는 복리의 마법에서 비롯됩니다.

All you need for abundance is to keep adding 1% more than you subtract on a regular basis.
풍요로움을 위해 필요한 것은 정기적으로 빼는 것보다 1%를 더하는 것뿐입니다.
%
You can eat any dessert you want if you take only three bites.
세 입만 먹으면 원하는 디저트를 마음껏 먹을 수 있습니다.
%
Don't treat people as bad as they are.
사람들을 있는 그대로 대하지 마세요.

Treat them as good as you are.
여러분만큼이나 그들을 대하세요.
%
Children totally accept ---and crave---family rules.
아이들은 가족 규칙을 전적으로 받아들이고 갈망합니다.

“In our family we have a rule for X”
"우리 가족에게는 X에 대한 규칙이 있습니다."

is the only excuse a parent needs for setting a family policy.
부모가 가족 정책을 설정하는 데 필요한 유일한 변명거리입니다.

In fact, “I have a rule for X”
사실, "나에게는 X에 대한 규칙이 있습니다."

is the only excuse you need for your own personal policies.
는 개인 정책에 대한 유일한 변명입니다.
%
When you confront a stuck bolt or screw:
끼인 볼트나 나사를 마주했을 때:

righty tighty, lefty loosey.
%
Bad things can happen fast but almost all good things happen slowly.
나쁜 일은 빠르게 일어날 수 있지만 좋은 일은 거의 대부분 천천히 일어납니다.
%
We are not a body that carries a soul.
우리는 영혼을 담고 있는 육체가 아닙니다.

We are a soul that is assigned a body not of our choosing, but in our care.
우리는 우리가 선택한 것이 아니라 우리가 돌보는 몸을 부여받은 영혼입니다.
%
If your goal does not have a schedule, it is a dream.
목표에 일정이 없다면 그것은 꿈일 뿐입니다.
%
Be a good ancestor.

Do something a future generation will thank you for.
미래 세대가 고마워할 만한 일을 하세요.

A simple thing is to plant a tree.
간단한 방법은 나무를 심는 것입니다.
%
People can't remember more than three points from a speech.
사람들은 연설에서 세 가지 이상의 요점을 기억하지 못합니다.
%
The greatest breakthroughs are missed because they look like really hard work.
가장 큰 혁신은 정말 힘든 일처럼 보이기 때문에 놓치는 경우가 많습니다.
%
To be remarkable, read books.
주목할 만한 사람이 되려면 책을 읽으세요.
%
Finite games are played to win or lose.
유한 게임은 승패를 겨루는 게임입니다.

Infinite games are played to keep the game going.
게임을 계속 진행하기 위해 무한 게임이 진행됩니다.

Seek out infinite games because they yield unlimited rewards.
무한 보상을 얻을 수 있는 무한 게임을 찾아보세요.
%
To succeed, get other people to pay you; to become wealthy, help other people to succeed.
성공하려면 다른 사람에게 돈을 받고, 부자가 되려면 다른 사람의 성공을 도와야 합니다.
%
Your behavior, not your opinions will change the world.
여러분의 의견이 아닌 행동이 세상을 바꿀 수 있습니다.
%
A problem that can easily be solved with money is not really a problem because its solution is obvious.
돈으로 쉽게 해결할 수 있는 문제는 그 해결책이 뻔하기 때문에 문제가 되지 않습니다.

Focus on problems with non-obvious solutions.
해결책이 명확하지 않은 문제에 집중하세요.
%
Every person you meet knows an amazing lot about something you know virtually nothing about.
당신이 만나는 모든 사람은 당신이 거의 아무것도 모르는 것에 대해 놀라울 정도로 많은 것을 알고 있습니다.

It won't be obvious and your job is to discover what it is.
분명하지 않을 것이며 여러분의 임무는 그것이 무엇인지 알아내는 것입니다.
%
Cultivate an allergy to average.
평균에 대한 알레르기를 키우세요.
%
To combat an adversary become their friend.
적과 싸우려면 적의 친구가 되십시오.
%
If you are buying stock, the person selling it thinks it is worth less than you do.
주식을 매수하는 경우, 주식을 매도하는 사람은 그 주식의 가치가 귀하보다 낮다고 생각합니다.

If you are selling, they think it is worth more than you do.
판매하는 경우, 그들은 당신보다 더 가치가 있다고 생각합니다.

Each time you are ready to buy or sell stock ask yourself “What do I know that they don't?”
주식을 사고 팔 준비가 될 때마다 "내가 모르는 것은 무엇인가?"라고 자문해 보세요.
%
You don't marry a person you marry a family.
한 사람과 결혼하는 것이 아니라 한 가족과 결혼하는 것입니다.
%
Be nice to your children because they are going to choose your nursing home.
자녀가 요양원을 선택할 것이므로 자녀에게 친절하게 대하세요.
%
About 99% of the time the right time is right now.
99%의 경우 적절한 시기는 바로 지금입니다.
%
All guns are loaded. 모든 총이 장전되었습니다.
%
Cultivate 12 people who love you because they are worth more than 12 million people who like you.
나를 좋아하는 12명의 사람들은 나를 좋아하는 1,200만 명 이상의 가치가 있기 때문에 나를 좋아하는 12명을 육성하세요.
%
Always be quick to give credit and to take blame.
항상 신속하게 공로를 인정하고 책임을 져야 합니다.
%
Be frugal in all things except in your passions.
열정을 제외한 모든 일에 검소해야 합니다.

Select a few interests that you gleefully splurge on.
즐겁게 과시할 수 있는 몇 가지 관심사를 선택하세요.

In fact, be all-around thrifty so that/ you can splurge on your passions.
사실, 열정을 과시할 수 있도록 모든 면에서 절약하세요.
%
To manage yourself use your head; to manage others use your heart.
자신을 관리하려면 머리를 사용하고, 다른 사람을 관리하려면 마음을 사용하세요.
%
Dance with your hips. 엉덩이로 춤을 추세요.
%
Don't let your email inbox become your to-do list run by others.
이메일 받은 편지함이 다른 사람이 관리하는 할 일 목록이 되지 않도록 하세요.
%
The best way to untangle a knotty tangle is not to “untie” the knots but to keep pulling the loops apart wider and wider. Just make the mess as big, loose, and open as possible.
엉킨 매듭을 푸는 가장 좋은 방법은 매듭을 "푸는" 것이 아니라 고리를 점점 더 넓게 잡아당겨서 풀어내는 것입니다. 엉킨 부분을 최대한 크게, 느슨하게, 개방적으로 만드세요.

As you open up the knots, they will unravel themselves. Works on cords, strings, hoses yarns, or electronic cables.
매듭을 열면 매듭이 저절로 풀립니다. 코드, 끈, 호스 실 또는 전자 케이블에 사용할 수 있습니다.
%
Take one simple thing ---almost anything---
한 가지 간단한 것 --- 거의 모든 것 ---을 가져옵니다.

but take it extremely seriously as if it is the only thing in the world ---or maybe the entire world is in it---
하지만 마치 그것이 세상에 단 하나뿐인 것처럼, 아니 어쩌면 전 세계가 그 안에 있는 것처럼 매우 진지하게 받아들입니다.

and by taking it seriously you'll light up the sky.
진지하게 받아들이면 하늘을 밝힐 수 있습니다.
%
When making something always get a few extras---extra material extra parts, extra space, extra finishes.
무언가를 만들 때는 항상 여분의 재료, 여분의 부품, 여분의 공간, 여분의 마감재 등 몇 가지 여분이 생깁니다.

The extras serve as backups for mistakes reduce stress and fill your inventory for the future.
실수에 대비한 백업용 여분은 스트레스를 줄이고 미래를 위해 인벤토리를 채우는 역할을 합니다.

They are the cheapest insurance.
가장 저렴한 보험입니다.
%
No one is as impressed with your possessions as you are.
회원님만큼 회원님의 소유물에 깊은 인상을 받는 사람은 없습니다.
%
Don't ever work for someone you don't want to become.
원하지 않는 사람 밑에서 일하지 마세요.
%
No secrets. You are much better off delivering unwelcome news to someone yourself directly.
비밀은 없습니다. 반갑지 않은 소식은 누군가에게 직접 전달하는 것이 훨씬 낫습니다.

A secret is rarely unknown, which means inevitably someone else will share it.
비밀은 거의 알려지지 않기 때문에 필연적으로 다른 사람이 공유하게 됩니다.

Meanwhile, the secret corrodes all who hold it.
한편, 비밀은 비밀을 가진 모든 사람을 부식시킵니다.

Resist accepting secrets.
비밀을 받아들이지 마세요.
%
The expanding universe is overflowing with abundance.
확장되는 우주에는 풍요로움이 넘쳐납니다.

It is so full that improvement can often be gained only by subtracting.
너무 꽉 차서 빼야만 개선 효과를 얻을 수 있는 경우가 많습니다.

Keep removing, until you can't.
제거할 수 없을 때까지 계속 제거하세요.

End with wanting more, not less.
더 많은 것을 원하고 더 적게 원하지 않는 것으로 끝내세요.
%
Figure out what time of day you are most productive and protect that time period.
하루 중 가장 생산성이 높은 시간대를 파악하여 해당 시간대를 보호하세요.
%
Experiences are fun and having influence is rewarding but only mattering makes us happy.
경험은 즐겁고 영향력을 행사하는 것은 보람된 일이지만, 중요한 일만이 우리를 행복하게 합니다.

Do stuff that matters. 중요한 일을 하세요.
%
Greatness is incompatible with optimizing in the short term.
위대함은 단기간에 최적화하는 것과는 양립할 수 없습니다.

To achieve greatness requires a long view.
위대함을 달성하려면 긴 안목이 필요합니다.

Raise your time horizon to raise your goal.
목표를 달성할 수 있는 기간을 늘리세요.
%
Most wonderful things quickly become unwonderful if they are repeated too often.
아무리 멋진 일이라도 너무 자주 반복되면 금세 재미없어집니다.

Once-in-a-life is often the optimal interval.
한 번이 최적의 간격인 경우가 많습니다.
%
When you open paint even a tiny bit, it will always find its way to your clothes no matter how careful you are.
페인트를 조금이라도 뜯으면 아무리 조심해도 옷에 묻기 마련입니다.

Dress accordingly. 그에 따라 옷을 입으세요.
%
You have to first follow the rules with diligence in order to break them productively.
규칙을 생산적으로 위반하려면 먼저 규칙을 성실히 따라야 합니다.
%
If you stop to listen to a musician or street performer for more than a minute you owe them a dollar.
음악가나 거리 공연자의 음악을 1분 이상 듣기 위해 멈추면 1달러를 지불해야 합니다.
%
Learning probability and statistics is far more useful than learning algebra and calculus.
확률과 통계를 배우는 것이 대수나 미적분을 배우는 것보다 훨씬 더 유용합니다.
%
If winning becomes too important in a game change the rules to make it more fun.
게임에서 승리가 너무 중요해지면 규칙을 변경하여 더 재미있게 게임을 즐길 수 있습니다.

Changing rules can become the new game.
규칙을 바꾸는 것이 새로운 게임이 될 수 있습니다.
%
The greatest teacher is called “doing.”
가장 위대한 스승은 "행동"이라고 합니다.
%
Anything you say before the word “but”
"하지만"이라는 단어 앞에 나오는 모든 말

does not count. 는 포함되지 않습니다.
%
Courtesy costs nothing. 예의는 무료입니다.

When you borrow something, return it cleaned. Lower the toilet seat after use.
물건을 빌린 후에는 깨끗하게 반납하세요. 사용 후에는 변기를 내려놓으세요.

Let the car in front of you merge. Return shopping carts to their designated areas.
앞 차량이 합류하도록 합니다. 쇼핑 카트를 지정된 구역에 반납합니다.

Let the people in the elevator exit before you enter.
엘리베이터에 탑승한 사람들이 먼저 내리게 한 후 탑승하세요.

These courtesies are free.
이러한 예의는 무료입니다.
%
Whenever there is an argument between two sides find the third side.
양측이 논쟁을 벌일 때마다 제3의 입장을 찾아보세요.
%
The consistency of your endeavors (exercise, companionship, work)
노력의 일관성(운동, 교제, 업무)

is more important than the quantity.
가 수량보다 더 중요합니다.

Nothing beats small things done every day which is way more important than what you do occasionally.
가끔씩 하는 일보다 매일 하는 작은 일들이 훨씬 더 중요합니다.
%
When you lead your real job is to create more leaders not more followers.
리더의 진정한 임무는 더 많은 팔로워가 아닌 더 많은 리더를 만드는 것입니다.
%
It is the duty of a teacher to get everything out of a student and the duty of a student to get everything out of a teacher.
학생에게서 모든 것을 이끌어내는 것은 교사의 의무이며, 학생은 교사에게서 모든 것을 이끌어내는 것이 교사의 의무입니다.
%
Efficiency is highly overrated; goofing off is highly underrated.
효율성은 매우 과대평가된 반면, 허송세월은 매우 과소평가되었습니다.

Regularly scheduled sabbaths, sabbaticals vacations, breaks, aimless walks and time off are essential for top performance of any kind.
정기적으로 예정된 안식일, 안식년 휴가, 휴식, 목적 없는 산책, 휴가는 최고의 성과를 내기 위해 필수적입니다.

The best work ethic requires a good rest ethic.
최고의 업무 윤리를 위해서는 좋은 휴식 윤리가 필요합니다.
%
Speak confidently as if you are right but listen carefully as if you are wrong.
자신이 옳은 것처럼 자신 있게 말하되 틀린 것처럼 주의 깊게 경청하세요.
%
Productivity is often a distraction.
생산성은 종종 방해가 됩니다.

Don't aim for better ways to get through your tasks as quickly as possible.
가능한 한 빨리 작업을 완료하는 더 나은 방법을 목표로 하지 마세요.

Instead aim for better tasks that you never want to stop doing.
대신 멈추고 싶지 않은 더 나은 작업을 목표로 하세요.
%
Your enjoyment of travel is inversely proportional to the size of your luggage.
여행의 즐거움은 짐의 크기와 반비례합니다.

This is 100% true of backpacking.
배낭여행은 100% 사실입니다.

It is liberating to realize how little you really need.
실제로 필요한 것이 얼마나 적은지 깨닫게 되면 해방감을 느낄 수 있습니다.
%
Ask funders for money and they'll give you advice; but ask for advice and they'll give you money.
펀더에게 돈을 달라고 하면 조언을 해줄 것이고, 조언을 구하면 돈을 줄 것입니다.
%
The biggest lie we tell ourselves is “I don't need to write this down because I will remember it.”
우리가 스스로에게 하는 가장 큰 거짓말은 "기억할 테니 굳이 적을 필요가 없어"입니다.
%
Criticize in private, praise in public.
사적으로는 비판하고 공개적으로는 칭찬하세요.
%
Don't keep making the same mistakes; try to make new mistakes.
같은 실수를 반복하지 말고 새로운 실수를 시도해 보세요.
%
Your growth as a mature being is measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations you are willing to have.
성숙한 존재로서의 성장은 기꺼이 불편한 대화를 나누는 횟수로 측정할 수 있습니다.
%
Handy measure: The distance between the fingertips of your outstretched arms at shoulder level is roughly your height.
손쉬운 측정법: 어깨 높이에서 쭉 뻗은 팔의 손가락 끝 사이의 거리가 대략 내 키와 비슷합니다.
%
Don't buy anything late at night.
밤늦은 시간에는 아무것도 구매하지 마세요.

There is nothing you need to buy that cannot wait till tomorrow morning.
내일 아침까지 기다릴 수 없는 구매는 없습니다.
%
When you have good news and bad news, give the bad news first because we remember how things end more than how they begin.
좋은 소식과 나쁜 소식이 있을 때는 나쁜 소식을 먼저 전하세요. 우리는 일이 어떻게 시작되었는지보다 어떻게 끝나는지를 더 잘 기억하기 때문입니다.

So elevate the ending with good news.
그러니 좋은 소식으로 엔딩을 장식하세요.
%
Immediately pay what you owe to vendors, workers, contractors.
공급업체, 근로자, 계약업체에 지불해야 할 금액을 즉시 지급하세요.

If you do, they will go out of their way to work with you first next time.
그렇게 하면 다음번에는 여러분과 먼저 협력하기 위해 노력할 것입니다.
%
The four most powerful words in any negotiation should be uttered by you:
모든 협상에서 가장 강력한 네 가지 단어를 사용해야 합니다:

“Can you do better?” "더 잘할 수 있나요?"
%
Three things you need: 세 가지가 필요합니다:

the ability to not give up something till it works the ability to give up something that does not work and the trust in other people to help you distinguish between the two.
효과가 있을 때까지 포기하지 않는 능력 효과가 없는 것을 포기할 수 있는 능력과 이 둘을 구분하는 데 도움이 되는 다른 사람에 대한 신뢰.
%
You can find no better medicine for your family than regular meals together without screens.
스크린 없이 가족이 함께 규칙적으로 식사하는 것보다 더 좋은 약은 없습니다.
%
There is no such thing as being “on time.”
"정시"라는 것은 존재하지 않습니다.

Either you are late or you are early.
늦게 도착하거나 일찍 도착합니다.

Your choice.
%
Making art is not selfish; it's for the rest of us.
예술을 만드는 것은 이기적인 것이 아니라 우리 모두를 위한 일입니다.

If you don't do your thing you are cheating us.
여러분이 해야 할 일을 하지 않는다면 우리를 속이는 것입니다.
%
In a genuine survival situation, you can go 3 weeks without food and 3 days without water but only 3 hours without warmth or shade.
실제 생존 상황에서는 음식 없이 3주, 물 없이 3일을 버틸 수 있지만 따뜻함이나 그늘 없이 3시간만 버틸 수 있습니다.

So don't worry about food.
그러니 음식에 대해 걱정하지 마세요.

Focus on temperature and water.
온도와 물에 집중하세요.
%
When you are in the wrong be quick to chastise yourself more severely than the aggrieved might.
잘못을 저질렀을 때는 분노한 사람보다 더 가혹하게 자신을 징계하세요.

Paradoxically, this can soften their ire.
역설적이게도 이런 상황이 고객의 분노를 누그러뜨릴 수 있습니다.
%
Learn how to be alone without being lonely.
외롭지 않게 혼자 있는 방법을 알아보세요.

Solitude is essential for creativity.
고독은 창의력을 발휘하는 데 필수적입니다.
%
When you feel like quitting just do five more:
그만두고 싶을 때는 5번만 더 하면 됩니다:

5 more minutes, 5 more pages 5 more steps. Then repeat. Sometimes you can break through and keep going but even if you can't, you ended five ahead.
5분 더, 5페이지 더, 5단계 더. 그런 다음 반복합니다. 때때로 돌파하고 계속 나아갈 수 있지만, 그렇지 못하더라도 5단계 앞서서 끝낸 것입니다.

Tell yourself that you will quit tomorrow but not today.
오늘은 그만두지 않고 내일 그만두겠다고 스스로에게 다짐하세요.
%
Never ask someone if they are pregnant.
상대방에게 임신 여부를 절대 묻지 마세요.

Let them tell you. 그들이 말하게 두세요.
%
What you do on your bad days matters more than what you do on your good days.
좋은 날에 하는 일보다 나쁜 날에 하는 일이 더 중요합니다.
%
Ask anyone you admire: 존경하는 사람에게 물어보세요:

Their lucky breaks happened on a detour from their main goal.
운 좋게도 주요 목표에서 우회하는 과정에서 행운의 브레이크가 발생했습니다.

So embrace detours.

Life is not a straight line for anyone.
인생은 누구에게나 일직선이 아닙니다.
%
To be rich you don't need to make more money; you chiefly need to better manage the money already flowing through your hands.
부자가 되려면 더 많은 돈을 벌어야 하는 것이 아니라 이미 손에 쥐고 있는 돈을 더 잘 관리해야 합니다.
%
When speaking to an audience pause frequently.
청중에게 말할 때는 자주 멈추세요.

Pause before you say something in a new way pause after you have said something you believe is important and pause as a relief to let listeners absorb details.
새로운 방식으로 무언가를 말하기 전에 잠시 멈춤 중요하다고 생각되는 내용을 말한 후에는 잠시 멈추고 청취자가 세부 사항을 흡수할 수 있도록 잠시 멈춥니다.
%
The best way to get a correct answer on the internet is to post an obviously wrong answer and wait for someone to correct you.
인터넷에서 정답을 얻는 가장 좋은 방법은 명백히 틀린 답을 게시하고 다른 사람이 정정해 줄 때까지 기다리는 것입니다.
%
You'll get 10 times better results by elevating good behavior rather than punishing bad behavior especially in children and animals.
특히 어린이와 동물의 나쁜 행동을 처벌하는 대신 좋은 행동을 장려하면 10배 더 좋은 결과를 얻을 수 있습니다.
%
Spend as much time crafting the subject line of an email as the message itself because the subject line is often the only thing people read.
이메일의 제목은 사람들이 유일하게 읽는 부분인 경우가 많으므로 메시지 자체만큼이나 제목을 작성하는 데 많은 시간을 투자하세요.
%
When you're checking references for a job applicant, their employer may be prohibited from saying anything negative so leave or send a message that says “Get back to me if you highly recommend this applicant as super great.”
지원자의 추천서를 확인할 때 고용주는 부정적인 내용을 언급하는 것이 금지되어 있을 수 있으므로 "이 지원자를 매우 훌륭하다고 강력히 추천하는 경우 다시 연락주세요"라는 메시지를 남기거나 메시지를 보내세요.

If they don't reply, take that as a negative.
답장을 보내지 않으면 부정적인 것으로 받아들이세요.
%
Don't wait for the storm to pass; dance in the rain.
폭풍우가 지나갈 때까지 기다리지 말고 빗속에서 춤을 추세요.
%
Make stuff that is good for people to have.
사람들이 가지고 있으면 좋은 물건을 만드세요.
%
Keep all your things visible in a hotel room, not in drawers and all gathered into one spot. That way you'll never leave anything behind.
모든 짐을 서랍에 넣지 말고 호텔 방에서 잘 보이도록 한 곳에 모아서 보관하세요. 이렇게 하면 아무것도 남기지 않을 수 있습니다.

If you need to have something like a charger off to the side place a couple of other large items next to it, because you are less likely to leave three items behind than just one.
충전기와 같은 물건을 옆에 두어야 하는 경우 충전기 옆에 다른 큰 물건 두어 개를 놓아두면 한 개만 두고 가는 것보다 세 개를 두고 가는 일이 줄어들기 때문입니다.
%
Denying or deflecting a compliment is rude. Accept it with thanks even if you believe it is not deserved.
칭찬을 거부하거나 회피하는 것은 무례한 행동입니다. 칭찬을 받을 자격이 없다고 생각되더라도 감사하는 마음으로 받아들이세요.
%
Always read the plaque next to the monument.
기념비 옆에 있는 명판을 항상 읽어보세요.
%
When you have some success, the feeling of being an imposter can be real.
어느 정도 성공을 거두면 사기꾼이 된 것 같은 기분이 들 수 있습니다.

Who am I fooling? 누구를 속이는 건가요?

But when you create things that only you with your unique talents and experience can do then you are absolutely not an imposter.
하지만 나만의 재능과 경험으로 나만이 할 수 있는 일을 만들어낸다면 당신은 절대 사기꾼이 아닙니다.

You are the ordained. 여러분은 안수받은 사람입니다.

It is your destiny to work on things that only you can do.
자신만이 할 수 있는 일을 하는 것은 여러분의 운명입니다.
%
To keep young kids behaving well on a car road trip, have a bag of their favorite unwrapped candy and throw a piece out the window each time they misbehave.
어린 자녀가 자동차 여행 중에 얌전하게 행동하도록 하려면 아이가 좋아하는 포장되지 않은 사탕을 한 봉지씩 준비해두고 아이가 잘못 행동할 때마다 한 조각씩 창밖으로 던져주세요.
%
When you don't know how much to pay someone for a particular task ask them, “What would be fair?”
특정 작업에 대해 얼마를 지급해야 할지 모를 때는 "어느 정도가 공정한가?"라고 물어보세요.

and their answer usually is.
그리고 그들의 대답은 대개 그렇습니다.
%
The general strategy for real estate is to buy the worst property on the best street.
부동산에 대한 일반적인 전략은 최고의 거리에서 최악의 부동산을 구입하는 것입니다.
%
You cannot get smart people to work extremely hard just for money.
똑똑한 사람들이 돈 때문에 열심히 일하게 할 수는 없습니다.
%
Half the skill of being educated is learning what you can ignore.
교육을 받는 기술의 절반은 무시할 수 있는 것을 배우는 것입니다.
%
If you're doing something that you are hiding from others it's probably not good for you.
다른 사람에게 숨기고 있는 무언가를 하고 있다면 그것은 아마도 자신에게 좋지 않을 것입니다.
%
When you need to cut something extremely exact don't try to do it with one cut.
매우 정확하게 잘라야 할 때는 한 번에 잘라내려고 하지 마세요.

Instead, cut it a bit bigger and then keep trimming it bit by bit until perfect.
대신 조금 더 크게 자른 다음 완벽할 때까지 조금씩 다듬어 보세요.

Professional makers call this “creeping up”
전문 제작자는 이를 "크리핑 업"이라고 부릅니다.

to the precise measurement.
정확한 측정이 가능합니다.
%
Make others feel they are important; it will make their day and it will make your day.
다른 사람들이 자신이 중요하다고 느끼도록 하면 다른 사람의 하루가 즐거워지고 여러분의 하루도 즐거워집니다.
%
Constantly search for overlapping areas of agreement and dwell there.
겹치는 동의 영역을 지속적으로 검색하고 그 안에 머물러 보세요.

Disagreements will appear to be edge cases.
의견 불일치는 에지 케이스로 표시됩니다.
%
90% of everything is crap.
모든 것의 90%는 쓰레기입니다.

If you think you don't like opera, romance novels, TikTok, country music, vegan food NFTs, keep trying to see if you can find the 10% that is not crap.
오페라, 로맨스 소설, 틱톡, 컨트리 음악, 비건 음식 NFT를 좋아하지 않는다고 생각하신다면, 쓰레기가 아닌 10%를 찾을 수 있는지 계속 찾아보세요.
%
You will be judged on how well you treat those who can do nothing for you.
여러분은 아무것도 해줄 수 없는 사람들을 얼마나 잘 대하는지에 따라 평가받게 됩니다.
%
We tend to overestimate what we can do in a day and underestimate what we can achieve in a decade.
우리는 하루에 할 수 있는 일을 과대평가하고 10년 안에 달성할 수 있는 일을 과소평가하는 경향이 있습니다.

Miraculous things can be accomplished if you give it 10 years.
10년만 투자하면 기적 같은 일이 일어날 수 있습니다.

A long game will compound small gains that will be able to overcome even big mistakes.
긴 게임은 작은 실수를 극복할 수 있는 작은 이득을 모을 것입니다.
%
Let someone know you remembered their name and they won't ever forget yours.
상대방의 이름을 기억하고 있다는 사실을 알리면 상대방도 여러분의 이름을 잊지 않을 것입니다.

To help remember their name repeat it on first hearing.
처음 들었을 때 이름을 기억할 수 있도록 반복해서 말하세요.
%
Your best job will be one that you were unqualified for because it stretches you.
최고의 직업은 자신을 무리하게 만들기 때문에 자격이 없는 직업이 될 것입니다.

In fact, only apply to jobs you are unqualified for.
실제로 지원 자격이 없는 직무에만 지원하세요.
%
You can be whatever you want to be so be the person who ends meetings early.
원하는 대로 무엇이든 될 수 있으므로 회의를 일찍 끝내는 사람이 되세요.
%
Buy used books. 중고 도서를 구입하세요.

They have the same words as the new ones.
새 단어와 동일한 단어가 있습니다.

Also, libraries. 라이브러리도 마찬가지입니다.
%
A wise man said: Before you speak, let your words pass through three gates.
현명한 사람이 말했다: 말하기 전에 먼저 세 개의 문을 통과하도록 하라.

At the first gate, ask yourself, “Is it true?”
첫 번째 관문에서 "사실인가?"라고 자문해 보세요.

At the second gate ask, “Is it necessary?”
두 번째 게이트에서 "필요한가요?"라고 물어보세요.

At the third gate ask, “Is it kind?”
세 번째 게이트에서 "친절한가요?"라고 물어보세요.
%
The only productive way to answer “What should I do now?”
"이제 어떻게 해야 하나요?"라는 질문에 답할 수 있는 유일한 생산적인 방법입니다.

is to first tackle the question of “Who should I become?”
"내가 어떤 사람이 되어야 하는가?"라는 질문을 먼저 해결해야 합니다.
%
When you board an airplane, arrive at your room in a hotel, or start a new job, locate the emergency exits.
비행기에 탑승하거나 호텔 객실에 도착할 때, 또는 새로운 일을 시작할 때 비상구를 찾아야 합니다.

It only takes a minute.
%
The best investing advice:
최고의 투자 조언:

Average returns, maintained for above-average periods of time will yield extraordinary results.
평균 이상의 수익률을 평균 이상의 기간 동안 유지하면 놀라운 결과를 얻을 수 있습니다.

Buy and hold.
%
Take the stairs. 계단을 이용하세요.
%
What you actually pay for something can be twice the listed price because the energy, time, and money needed to set it up, learn, maintain, repair it and then dispose of it when done all have their own cost.
설정, 학습, 유지보수, 수리 및 완료 후 폐기하는 데 필요한 에너지, 시간, 비용이 모두 자체적으로 발생하기 때문에 실제로 지불하는 가격은 표시된 가격의 두 배가 될 수 있습니다.

Not all prices appear on labels.
모든 가격이 레이블에 표시되는 것은 아닙니다.
%
If a young student is struggling first thing: Check their eyesight.
어린 학생이 어려움을 겪고 있다면 가장 먼저 시력을 확인하세요.
%
It's thrilling to be extremely polite to rude strangers.
무례한 낯선 사람에게 극도로 예의를 갖추는 것은 짜릿한 일입니다.
%
Most articles and stories are improved significantly if you delete the first page of the manuscript.
원고의 첫 페이지를 삭제하면 대부분의 기사와 스토리의 완성도가 크게 향상됩니다.

Start with the action. 작업부터 시작하세요.
%
Getting cheated occasionally is the small price for trusting the best of everyone because when you trust the best in others they generally treat you best.
다른 사람의 최고를 믿으면 다른 사람도 일반적으로 나를 최고로 대하기 때문에 가끔 속임수를 당하는 것은 모든 사람의 최고를 신뢰하는 것에 대한 작은 대가입니다.
%
It's possible that a not-so-smart person who can communicate well can do much better than a super-smart person who can't communicate well.
의사소통을 잘하는 똑똑한 사람보다 의사소통을 잘 못하는 똑똑하지 않은 사람이 훨씬 더 잘할 수 있습니다.

That is good news because it is much easier to improve your communication skills than your intelligence.
지능보다 커뮤니케이션 기술을 향상시키는 것이 훨씬 쉽기 때문에 좋은 소식입니다.
%
Take note if you find yourself wondering “Where is my good knife?”
"내 좋은 칼은 어디 있지?"라고 궁금해하시는 분이 계시다면 참고하세요.

or “Where is my good pen?”
또는 "내 좋은 펜은 어디 있어?"

That means you have bad ones.
즉, 나쁜 사람이 있다는 뜻입니다.

Get rid of those. 그것들을 제거하세요.
%
For the best results with your children spend only half the money you think you should but double the time with them.
자녀와 함께 최고의 결과를 얻으려면 지출해야 한다고 생각하는 비용의 절반만 지출하고 자녀와 함께 보내는 시간을 두 배로 늘리세요.
%
Avoid wearing a hat that has more character than you do.
본인보다 더 개성 있는 모자는 착용하지 마세요.
%
Looking ahead, focus on direction rather than destinations.
앞을 내다볼 때는 목적지보다는 방향에 집중하세요.

Maintain the right direction and you'll arrive at where you want to go.
올바른 방향을 유지하면 원하는 목적지에 도착할 수 있습니다.
%
Art is whatever you can get away with.
예술은 마음만 먹으면 무엇이든 할 수 있습니다.
%
Purchase the most recent tourist guidebook to your hometown or region.
고향이나 지역에 대한 최신 관광 가이드북을 구입하세요.

You'll learn a lot by playing the tourist once a year.
1년에 한 번씩 관광객 역을 맡으면 많은 것을 배울 수 있습니다.
%
To become a hero, thank a teacher who made a difference in your life.
영웅이 되려면 여러분의 삶에 변화를 가져다준 선생님께 감사하세요.
%
When buying a garden hose, an extension cord, or a ladder, get one substantially longer than you think you need.
정원용 호스, 연장 코드 또는 사다리를 구입할 때는 필요한 것보다 훨씬 긴 것을 구입하세요.

It'll be the right size.
적당한 크기가 될 것입니다.
%
When you are stuck explain your problem to others.
막막할 때는 다른 사람에게 문제를 설명하세요.

Often simply laying out a problem will present a solution.
단순히 문제를 나열하는 것만으로도 해결책을 찾을 수 있는 경우가 많습니다.

Make “explaining the problem”
"문제 설명하기" 만들기

part of your troubleshooting process.
를 문제 해결 프로세스의 일부로 사용하세요.
%
Don't wait in line to eat something famous.
유명한 음식을 먹기 위해 줄을 서서 기다리지 마세요.

It is rarely worth the wait.
기다릴 만한 가치가 있는 경우는 거의 없습니다.
%
When introduced to someone make eye contact and count to four or say to yourself, “I see you.”
누군가를 소개받았을 때 눈을 마주치고 넷까지 세거나 혼잣말로 "당신을 만났어요."라고 말하세요.

You'll both remember each other.
둘 다 서로를 기억할 것입니다.
%
Your group can achieve great things way beyond your means simply by showing people that they are appreciated.
그룹은 사람들에게 감사를 표하는 것만으로도 자신의 능력을 훨씬 뛰어넘는 큰 성과를 거둘 수 있습니다.
%
Be a pro. Back up your backup.
프로가 되세요. 백업을 백업하세요.

Have at least one physical backup and one backup in the cloud.
적어도 하나의 물리적 백업과 클라우드에 하나의 백업이 있어야 합니다.

Have more than one of each.
각각 하나 이상 보유하세요.

How much would you pay to retrieve all your data, photos, notes if you lost them?
모든 데이터, 사진, 메모를 분실했을 때 이를 복구하기 위해 얼마를 지불하시겠습니까?

Backups are cheap compared to regrets.
백업은 후회하는 것에 비해 저렴합니다.
%
Prescription for popular success:
대중적인 성공을 위한 처방전:

do something strange. 이상한 짓을 하세요.

Make a habit of your weird.
이상한 습관을 만들어 보세요.
%
Your time and space are limited.
시간과 공간은 한정되어 있습니다.

Remove, give away, throw out anything that no longer gives you joy in order to make room for those that do.
더 이상 기쁨을 주지 않는 것은 제거하고, 양보하고, 버려서 기쁨을 주는 것을 위한 공간을 확보하세요.
%
To signal an emergency use the rule of 3:
긴급 상황을 알리려면 3의 규칙을 사용합니다:

3 shouts, 3 horn blasts, or 3 whistles.
고함 3회, 경적 3회, 호루라기 3회.
%
Don't compare your inside to someone else's outside.
자신의 내면을 다른 사람의 겉모습과 비교하지 마세요.
%
Explore or optimize? 탐색 또는 최적화?

Do you optimize what you know will sell or explore with something new?
판매될 것으로 알고 있는 것을 최적화하거나 새로운 것을 탐색하고 있나요?

Do you order a restaurant dish you are sure is great (optimize)
맛있다고 확신하는 레스토랑 요리를 주문하시나요(최적화)?

or do you try something new?
아니면 새로운 것을 시도하시나요?

Do you keep dating new folks (explore)
새로운 사람과 계속 데이트를 하나요(탐색)

or try to commit to someone you met?
아니면 만난 사람에게 헌신하려고 하나요?

The ideal balance for exploring new things vs. optimizing those already found is ⅓.
새로운 것을 탐색하는 것과 이미 찾은 것을 최적화하는 것의 이상적인 균형은 ⅓입니다.

Spend ⅓ of your time on exploring and ⅔ on optimizing and deepening.
탐색에 ⅓의 시간을 투자하고 ⅔는 최적화 및 심화에 투자하세요.

As you mature it is harder to devote time to exploring because it seems unproductive but aim for ⅓.
나이가 들수록 비생산적으로 보이기 때문에 탐험에 시간을 할애하기가 더 어려워지지만 ⅓을 목표로 하세요.
%
Occasionally your first idea is best,
때로는 첫 번째 아이디어가 가장 좋을 때가 있습니다,

but usually it's the fifth idea.
하지만 보통은 다섯 번째 아이디어입니다.

You need to get all the obvious ideas out of the way.
뻔한 아이디어는 모두 없애야 합니다.

Try to surprise yourself.
스스로를 놀라게 해 보세요.
%
Don't bother fighting the old just build the new.
낡은 것과 싸우지 말고 새로운 것을 구축하세요.
%
Actual great opportunities will not have “Great Opportunities” in the subject line.
실제 좋은 기회는 제목에 '좋은 기회'가 들어가지 않습니다.
%
When someone tells you about the peak year of human history the period of time when things were good before things went downhill it will always be the year when they were 10 years old---
누군가 인류 역사상 가장 좋았던 해에 대해 말한다면, 상황이 나빠지기 전 가장 좋았던 시기는 항상 10살 때일 것입니다---.

which is the peak of any human's existence.
인간 존재의 정점이라고 할 수 있습니다.

Factor that into what they say.
그 점을 고려하세요.
%
To rapidly reveal the true character of a person you just met observe them stuck on an abysmally slow internet connection.
방금 만난 사람의 진짜 성격을 빠르게 알아내려면 인터넷 연결이 매우 느린 것을 관찰하세요.
%
In preparing for a long hike old shoes of any type are superior to brand-new shoes of any type.
장거리 하이킹을 준비할 때는 어떤 종류의 신발이든 오래된 신발이 어떤 종류의 새 신발보다 우수합니다.

Don't use a long hike to break in shoes.
장시간의 하이킹으로 신발이 닳아 없어지지 않도록 하세요.
%
When negotiating don't aim for a bigger piece of the pie; aim to create a bigger pie.
협상할 때는 더 큰 파이 조각을 노리지 말고 더 큰 파이를 만드는 것을 목표로 하세요.
%
You are as big as the things that make you angry.
당신은 당신을 화나게 하는 것들만큼이나 큰 존재입니다.
%
You see only 2% of another person and they see only 2% of you.
여러분은 상대방의 2%만 볼 수 있고 상대방은 여러분의 2%만 볼 수 있습니다.

Attune yourself to the hidden 98%.
숨겨진 98%에 집중하세요.
%
Our descendants will achieve things that will amaze us yet a portion of what they will create could have been made with today's materials and tools if we had had the imagination.
우리 후손들은 우리를 놀라게 할 일들을 성취할 것이지만, 그들이 창조할 것 중 일부는 상상력만 있었다면 오늘날의 재료와 도구로도 만들 수 있었을 것입니다.

Think bigger. 더 크게 생각하세요.
%
Do more of what looks like work to others but is play for you.
다른 사람에게는 일처럼 보이지만 나에게는 놀이인 일을 더 많이 하세요.
%
If you want something to get done ask a busy person to do it.
일을 처리하고 싶으면 바쁜 사람에게 부탁하세요.
%
Remember that repair tasks take 3 times longer than expected even when you expect them to take 3 times longer.
수리 작업은 3배 더 오래 걸릴 것으로 예상되는 경우에도 예상보다 3배 더 오래 걸린다는 점을 기억하세요.
%
Copying others is a good way to start.
다른 사람을 복사하는 것이 좋은 시작 방법입니다.

Copying yourself is a disappointing way to end.
자신을 모방하는 것은 실망스러운 결말입니다.
%
If you repeated what you did today 365 more times will you be where you want to be next year?
오늘 한 일을 365번 더 반복한다면 내년에는 원하는 위치에 도달할 수 있을까요?
%
The best time to negotiate your salary for a new job is the moment /after they say they want you and not before.
새 직장을 구하기 위해 연봉을 협상하기 가장 좋은 시기는 그 전이 아니라 구인 의사를 밝힌 순간/후입니다.

Then it becomes a game of chicken for each side to name an amount first but it is to your advantage to get them to give a number before you do.
그런 다음 양쪽에서 먼저 금액을 말하는 치킨 게임이 되지만, 상대방이 먼저 숫자를 말하도록 하는 것이 유리합니다.
%
Pay attention to what you pay attention to.
주의를 기울이는 것에 주의를 기울이세요.
%
For maximum results focus on your biggest opportunities not your biggest problems.
최대의 결과를 얻으려면 가장 큰 문제가 아닌 가장 큰 기회에 집중하세요.
%
Every breakthrough is at first laughable and ridiculous.
모든 혁신은 처음에는 웃기고 우스꽝스럽습니다.

In fact, if it did not start out laughable and ridiculous it is not a breakthrough.
사실, 웃기고 우스꽝스럽게 시작하지 않았다면 그것은 혁신이 아닙니다.
%
Reading to your children regularly is the best school they will ever get.
자녀에게 정기적으로 책을 읽어주는 것은 자녀에게 최고의 학교입니다.
%
If you don't smoke before the age of 25 you are unlikely to ever start; if you do smoke before 25 you are unlikely to ever quit.
25세 이전에 담배를 피우지 않았다면 흡연을 시작할 가능성이 낮고, 25세 이전에 담배를 피웠다면 금연할 가능성이 낮습니다.
%
It doesn't matter how many people don't appreciate you or your work.
얼마나 많은 사람들이 여러분이나 여러분의 업무에 감사하지 않는지는 중요하지 않습니다.

The only thing that counts is how many do.
중요한 것은 얼마나 많은 사람들이 참여하느냐입니다.
%
It is far safer after a car accident to remain in the car rather than standing near it on the road where the accident increases the chances of another accident.
교통사고 후 도로에 서 있는 것보다 차 안에 남아 있는 것이 다른 사고의 가능성을 높이는 것보다 훨씬 안전합니다.
%
When you are looking for a job, remember that somewhere an employer is desperately hunting for someone like you especially if you are unconventional.
일자리를 구할 때, 어딘가에서 고용주가 여러분과 같은 사람을 필사적으로 찾고 있다는 사실을 기억하세요.

Your real job is to make that match happen and it is worth whatever time it takes.
여러분의 진짜 임무는 그 경기를 성사시키는 것이며, 시간이 얼마나 걸리든 그만한 가치가 있습니다.
%
Rather than steering your life to avoid the unexpected aim directly for it.
예상치 못한 목표를 직접적으로 피하기 위해 삶을 조종하는 대신에.
%
Don't grocery shop while hungry.
배고픈 상태에서 식료품 쇼핑을 하지 마세요.
%
If your opinions on one subject can be predicted from your opinions on another you may be in the grip of an ideology.
한 주제에 대한 의견을 다른 주제에 대한 의견으로 예측할 수 있다면 이데올로기에 사로잡혀 있는 것일 수 있습니다.

When you truly think for yourself your conclusions will not be predictable.
진정으로 스스로 생각하면 결론을 예측할 수 없을 것입니다.
%
You can really change someone's life for the better simply by offering words of encouragement.
격려의 말을 건네는 것만으로도 누군가의 삶을 더 나은 방향으로 바꿀 수 있습니다.
%
When you are presented with a task that could be completed in 2 minutes or less do it immediately.
2분 이내에 완료할 수 있는 작업이 제시되면 즉시 수행하세요.
%
The stronger your beliefs,
신념이 강할수록,

the stronger your reasons to question them regularly.
정기적으로 질문해야 할 이유가 더 강해집니다.

Don't simply believe everything you think you believe.
자신이 믿는다고 생각하는 모든 것을 단순히 믿지 마세요.
%
When a customer of yours complains always apologize first and ask “What can we do to resolve this?”
고객이 불만을 제기하면 항상 먼저 사과하고 "이 문제를 해결하려면 어떻게 해야 하나요?"라고 물어보세요.

even if it is not your fault.
귀하의 잘못이 아니더라도요.

Acting as if the customer is right is a small tax to pay to grow a business.
고객이 옳은 것처럼 행동하는 것은 비즈니스를 성장시키기 위해 지불해야 하는 작은 세금입니다.
%
If you loan someone $20 and you never see them again because they are avoiding paying you back that makes it worth $20.
누군가에게 20달러를 빌려줬는데 갚지 않아서 다시는 만나지 못한다면 20달러의 가치가 사라지는 것입니다.
%
A superpower worth cultivating is learning from people you don't like.
싫어하는 사람에게서도 배울 수 있는 초능력을 키울 가치가 있습니다.

It is called “humility.” 이를 "겸손"이라고 합니다.

This is the courage to let dumb, stupid, hateful, crazy, mean people teach you something because despite their character flaws they each know something you don't.
멍청하고, 어리석고, 증오스럽고, 미치광이 같고, 못된 사람들도 성격적 결함에도 불구하고 여러분이 모르는 무언가를 알고 있기 때문에 여러분에게 무언가를 가르쳐 줄 수 있는 용기가 필요합니다.
%
Don't purchase extra insurance if you are renting a car with a credit card.
신용카드로 렌터카를 이용하는 경우 추가 보험에 가입하지 마세요.
%
For every good thing you love ask yourself what your proper dose is.
좋아하는 모든 좋은 음식에 대해 자신의 적정 섭취량이 얼마인지 자문해 보세요.
%
Hikers' rule:

Don't step on what you can step over; don't step over what you can walk around.
밟을 수 있는 것은 밟지 말고, 걸어 다닐 수 있는 것은 걸어 다니지 마세요.
%
The trick to making wise decisions is to evaluate your choices as if you were looking back 25 years from today.
현명한 결정을 내리는 비결은 오늘로부터 25년 후를 돌아본다는 생각으로 선택을 평가하는 것입니다.

What would your future self think?
미래의 자신은 어떻게 생각할까요?
%
To be interesting just tell your own story with uncommon honesty.
흥미를 유발하려면 평범하지 않은 솔직함으로 자신의 이야기를 들려주세요.
%
When speaking to an audience it's better to fix your gaze on a few people than to “spray” your gaze across the room.
청중과 대화할 때는 방 전체에 시선을 '뿌리는' 것보다 몇 명에게 시선을 고정하는 것이 좋습니다.

Your eyes telegraph to others whether you really believe what you are saying.
당신의 눈빛은 당신이 말하는 것을 정말로 믿는지 다른 사람들에게 전보를 보냅니다.
%
The main reason to produce something every day is that you must throw away a lot of good work to reach the great stuff.
매일 무언가를 생산해야 하는 주된 이유는 좋은 작품을 만들기 위해 좋은 작품을 많이 버려야 하기 때문입니다.

To let it all go easily you need to be convinced that there is “more where that came from.”
모든 것을 쉽게 놓아버리려면 "그보다 더 많은 것이 있다"는 확신이 있어야 합니다.

You get that in steady production.
안정적인 프로덕션을 통해 얻을 수 있습니다.
%
The real test of your character is not how you deal with adversity---
캐릭터의 진정한 시험은 역경에 어떻게 대처하느냐가 아닙니다---.

although that will teach you much.
많은 것을 배울 수 있겠지만요.

The real test is how you deal with power.
진짜 시험은 권력을 어떻게 다루는가입니다.

The only cure for power is humility and the admission that your power comes from luck.
권력에 대한 유일한 치료법은 겸손과 자신의 권력이 운에서 비롯된다는 사실을 인정하는 것입니다.

The small person believes they are superior; the superior person knows they are lucky.
작은 사람은 자신이 우월하다고 믿고, 우월한 사람은 자신이 운이 좋다는 것을 압니다.
%
You will thrive more ---and so will others---
당신은 더 번창하고 다른 사람들도 번창할 것입니다---.

when you promote what you love rather than bash what you hate.
싫어하는 것을 공격하기보다 좋아하는 것을 홍보하는 것이 더 효과적입니다.

Life is short; focus on the good stuff.
인생은 짧으니 좋은 일에 집중하세요.
%
When sharing, one person divides the other chooses.
공유할 때는 한 사람이 다른 사람이 선택한 것을 나눕니다.
%
It is easy to get trapped by your own success.
자신의 성공에 갇히기 쉽습니다.

Say no to tasks you probably won't fail at and say yes to what you could fail at.
실패하지 않을 것 같은 작업은 거절하고 실패할 수 있는 작업은 예라고 말하세요.
%
Unhappiness comes from wanting what others have.
불행은 다른 사람이 가진 것을 갖고 싶어하는 데서 비롯됩니다.

Happiness comes from wanting what you already have.
행복은 이미 가지고 있는 것을 원하는 데서 비롯됩니다.
%
When working with electricity volts hurt, but amps kill.
전기로 작업할 때 전압은 아프지만 암페어는 죽입니다.
%
To get your message across follow this formula used by ad writers everywhere:
전 세계 광고 작가들이 사용하는 이 공식을 따라 메시지를 전달하세요:

simplify, simplify, simplify, then exaggerate.
%
Pay attention to who you are around when you feel your best.
가장 기분이 좋을 때 주변에 있는 사람에게 주의를 기울이세요.

Be with them more often.
아이들과 더 자주 함께하세요.
%
Assume no one remembers names.
아무도 이름을 기억하지 못한다고 가정합니다.

As a courtesy reintroduce yourself by name even to those you have previously met:
예의상 이전에 만났던 사람에게도 이름을 부르며 자신을 소개합니다:

“Hi, I'm Kevin.”
%
What you do instead of work might become your real work.
업무 대신 하는 일이 진짜 업무가 될 수도 있습니다.
%
The very best thing you can do for your kids is to love your spouse.
자녀를 위해 할 수 있는 가장 좋은 일은 배우자를 사랑하는 것입니다.
%
Your golden ticket is being able to see things from other people's point of view.
다른 사람의 관점에서 사물을 바라볼 수 있다는 것이 가장 큰 장점입니다.

This shift enables heartfelt empathy.
이러한 변화는 진심 어린 공감을 가능하게 합니다.

It also allows you to persuade others and it is the key to great design.
또한 다른 사람을 설득할 수 있으며 훌륭한 디자인의 핵심입니다.

Mastering the view through the eyes of others will unlock so many doors.
다른 사람의 눈으로 바라보는 관점을 익히면 수많은 문을 열 수 있습니다.
%
If you think that something “goes without saying,”
"말할 것도 없이 당연한 일"이라고 생각한다면

it is usually best for everyone if you just go ahead and say it.
그냥 말하는 것이 모두에게 가장 좋습니다.
%
To meditate, sit and pay attention to your breathing.
명상하려면 앉아서 호흡에 주의를 기울이세요.

Your mind will wander to thoughts.
머릿속이 여러 가지 생각에 잠길 것입니다.

Then you bring your attention back to your breathing where it can't think.
그런 다음 생각할 수 없는 호흡에 다시 주의를 집중합니다.

Wander. Retreat.

Keep returning to breath no thoughts.
아무 생각 없이 호흡으로 돌아가세요.

That is all. 그게 다입니다.
%
Five years from now you will wish you had started today.
지금부터 5년 후에는 오늘 시작하기를 후회하게 될 것입니다.
%
If we all threw our troubles into a big pile and we saw everyone else's problems we would immediately grab ours back.
우리 모두가 자신의 문제를 큰 더미에 던져놓고 다른 사람의 문제를 본다면 우리는 곧바로 자신의 문제를 되찾을 것입니다.
%
Your heart needs to be as educated as your mind.
마음도 머리만큼 교육받아야 합니다.
%
You can't change your past but you can change your story about it.
과거는 바꿀 수 없지만 과거에 대한 이야기는 바꿀 수 있습니다.

What is important is not what happened to you but what you /did/ about what happened to you.
중요한 것은 당신에게 무슨 일이 일어났는지가 아니라 당신에게 일어난 일에 대해 당신이 /어떻게/ 대처했는지가 중요합니다.
%
To have a great trip, head toward an interest rather than to a place.
멋진 여행을 즐기려면 장소보다는 관심사를 향해 나아가세요.

Travel to passions rather than destinations.
목적지가 아닌 열정을 향해 여행하세요.
%
Let your children choose their punishments.
자녀가 벌을 선택하게 하세요.

They'll be tougher than you will.
그들은 당신보다 더 강할 것입니다.
%
In the garden dig a $100 hole for a $10 plant.
정원에서 10달러짜리 식물을 위해 100달러짜리 구멍을 파세요.
%
Fully embrace “What is the /worst/ that can happen?”
"일어날 수 있는 /최악의/ 상황은 무엇일까요?"라는 질문을 완전히 수용하세요.

at each juncture in life.
인생의 매 순간마다.

Rehearsing your response to the “worst” can reveal it as an adventure and rob it of its power to stall you.
'최악의 상황'에 대한 대응을 연습하면 그 상황을 모험으로 인식하고 시간을 끌 수 있는 힘을 빼앗길 수 있습니다.
%
Make one to throw away.
하나는 버릴 수 있도록 만드세요.

The only way to write a great book is to first write an awful book.
훌륭한 책을 쓰는 유일한 방법은 먼저 끔찍한 책을 쓰는 것입니다.

Ditto for a movie, song, piece of furniture or anything.
영화, 노래, 가구 등 어떤 것이든 마찬가지입니다.
%
For lofty goals, measure your progress from where you started rather than where you need to finish.
높은 목표의 경우, 완료해야 할 지점보다는 시작한 지점부터 진행 상황을 측정하세요.
%
You increase your chance of successfully removing a clothing stain if you keep it wet while you work on it.
작업하는 동안 옷을 젖은 상태로 유지하면 얼룩을 성공적으로 제거할 확률이 높아집니다.

It's much harder once it dries out.
마르면 훨씬 더 어려워집니다.
%
Anger is not the proper response to anger.
분노는 분노에 대한 적절한 반응이 아닙니다.

When you see someone angry you are seeing their pain.
화난 사람을 보면 그 사람의 고통을 보는 것입니다.

Compassion is the proper response to anger.
연민은 분노에 대한 적절한 반응입니다.
%
When you find something you really enjoy do it slowly.
정말 좋아하는 일을 찾으면 천천히 하세요.
%
Ignore dogs that bark.

Look for the charging dog not barking.
돌진하는 개가 짖지 않는지 확인하세요.

That is the one who bites.
바로 물리는 사람입니다.
%
Assuming you are average half of the world will be less proficient than you.
전 세계의 평균적인 절반은 여러분보다 실력이 떨어질 것이라고 가정합니다.

Through no fault of their own many of these people can't handle forms complex instructions, or tricky situations.
이들 중 상당수는 자신의 잘못이 아니더라도 복잡한 지침이나 까다로운 상황을 처리하지 못합니다.

Be kind to them because the world is not.
세상은 그렇지 않으니 친절하게 대해주세요.
%
Your flaws and your strengths are two poles of the same traits.
결점과 강점은 같은 특성을 가진 두 극과 같은 존재입니다.

For instance, there is only a tiny difference between stubbornness and perseverance or between courage and foolishness.
예를 들어, 고집과 인내 또는 용기와 어리석음 사이에는 아주 작은 차이가 있을 뿐입니다.

The sole difference is in the goal.
유일한 차이점은 목표에 있습니다.

It's stupid stubbornness and reckless foolishness if the goal does not matter, and relentless perseverance and courage if it does.
목표가 중요하지 않다면 어리석은 고집과 무모한 어리석음이고, 중요하다면 끈질긴 인내와 용기입니다.

To earn dignity with your flaws own up to them, and make sure you push on things that matter.
자신의 결점을 인정하고 중요한 일을 밀고 나가야 품위를 지킬 수 있습니다.
%
The end is almost always the beginning of something better.
끝은 언제나 더 나은 무언가의 시작입니다.
%
It is impossible for you to become poor by giving.
기부한다고 해서 가난해지는 것은 불가능합니다.

It is impossible for you to become wealthy without giving.
기부하지 않고 부자가 되는 것은 불가능합니다.
%
Try hard to solicit constructive criticism early.
조기에 건설적인 비판을 받을 수 있도록 노력하세요.

You want to hear what's not working as soon as possible.
무엇이 작동하지 않는지 가능한 한 빨리 듣고 싶을 것입니다.

When it is finished you can't improve it.
완료되면 개선할 수 없습니다.
%
To get better at speaking watch a recording of yourself speaking.
말하기 실력을 향상하려면 자신이 말하는 모습을 녹화한 동영상을 시청하세요.

It is shocking and painful but an effective way to improve.
충격적이고 고통스럽지만 효과적으로 개선할 수 있는 방법입니다.
%
Don't attribute to malice what can be explained by incompetence.
무능으로 설명할 수 있는 일을 악의 탓으로 돌리지 마세요.
%
Worry is ineffective. 걱정은 비효율적입니다.

It is certain that 99% of the stuff you are anxious about won't happen.
여러분이 걱정하는 일의 99%는 일어나지 않을 것이 확실합니다.
%
You can ignore any website with the word “truth” in its URL.
URL에 "truth"라는 단어가 포함된 웹사이트는 모두 무시할 수 있습니다.
%
Be extremely stingy in making promises because you must be generous in keeping them.
약속을 지키는 데는 관대해야 하므로 약속을 하는 데는 극도로 인색해야 합니다.
%
Don't mistake a clear view of the future for a short distance.
미래에 대한 명확한 전망을 가까운 거리로 착각하지 마세요.
%
A proper apology consists of conveying the 3 Rs:
적절한 사과는 3R을 전달하는 것으로 구성됩니다:

regret (genuine empathy with the other) responsibility (not blaming someone else) and remedy (your willingness to fix it).
후회(상대방에 대한 진정한 공감) 책임(다른 사람을 탓하지 않음) 및 해결 방법(문제를 해결하려는 의지).
%
The best way to advise young people is to find out what they really want to do and then advise them to do it.
젊은이들에게 조언하는 가장 좋은 방법은 그들이 진정으로 하고 싶은 일이 무엇인지 알아낸 다음 그것을 하도록 조언하는 것입니다.
%
It is usually much easier to make big audacious changes than small incremental ones.
일반적으로 작은 점진적 변화보다 대담한 변화를 만드는 것이 훨씬 쉽습니다.
%
The big dirty secret is that everyone especially the famous are just making it up as they go along.
가장 큰 비밀은 모든 사람들, 특히 유명한 사람들은 이 사실을 그냥 지어내고 있다는 것입니다.
%
There is no perfection, only progress.
완벽은 없고 발전만 있을 뿐입니다.

Done is much better than perfect.
완료는 완벽함보다 훨씬 낫습니다.
%
You choose to be lucky by believing that any setbacks are just temporary.
어떤 좌절도 일시적일 뿐이라고 믿으며 운이 좋다고 선택합니다.
%
If nobody else does what you do you won't need a resume.
다른 사람이 당신과 같은 일을 하지 않는다면 이력서가 필요하지 않습니다.
%
To lower tensions during a dispute,
분쟁 중 긴장을 낮추기 위해,

mirror the other person's body language.
상대방의 보디랭귀지를 반영하세요.
%
For a great payoff be especially curious about the things you are not interested in.
큰 성과를 얻으려면 특히 관심 없는 분야에 대해 호기심을 가져야 합니다.
%
It is not hard to identify a thief:
도둑을 식별하는 것은 어렵지 않습니다:

It is the one who believes that everybody steals.
모든 사람이 도둑질한다고 믿는 사람입니다.
%
We are unconsciously distracted by seeing our reflection. You can alleviate a lot of the fatigue of teleconferencing all day if you turn off your self-view.
우리는 자신의 모습을 보면서 무의식적으로 주의가 산만해집니다. 셀프 뷰를 끄면 하루 종일 화상 회의로 인한 피로를 많이 줄일 수 있습니다.
%
Read the books that your favorite authors once read.
좋아하는 작가가 읽었던 책을 읽어보세요.
%
When you can't decide ask yourself, “Which choice will pay off more later than now?”
결정할 수 없을 때는 "어떤 선택이 지금보다 나중에 더 큰 이득이 될까?"라고 자문해 보세요.

The easy choice pays off right away.
손쉬운 선택은 곧바로 결실을 맺습니다.

The best choice will pay off at the end.
최선의 선택은 결국 보상을 받게 됩니다.
%
As long as an idea stays in your head it is perfect.
아이디어가 머릿속에 남아 있는 한 완벽합니다.

But perfect things are never real.
하지만 완벽한 것은 결코 현실이 아닙니다.

Immediately put an idea down into words or in a sketch, or as a cardboard prototype.
아이디어를 즉시 말이나 스케치 또는 카드보드 프로토타입으로 기록하세요.

Now your idea is much closer to reality because it is imperfect.
이제 여러분의 아이디어는 불완전하기 때문에 현실에 훨씬 더 가까워졌습니다.
%
Trust the 3-star product reviews because they tell both the good and the bad, which is the real state for most things.
별점 3점짜리 제품 리뷰는 좋은 점과 나쁜 점을 모두 알려주기 때문에 대부분의 상품에 대한 실제 상태이므로 신뢰하세요.
%
First, always ask for what you want.
첫째, 항상 원하는 것을 요청하세요.

Works in relationships, business, life.
관계, 비즈니스, 생활에서 작동합니다.
%
Even if you don't say anything if you listen carefully people will consider you a great conversationalist.
아무 말도 하지 않더라도 귀 기울여 들어주면 사람들은 당신을 훌륭한 대화가로 간주할 것입니다.
%
Curiosity is fatal to certainty.
호기심은 확실성에 치명적입니다.

The more curious you are the less certain you'll be.
호기심이 많을수록 확신이 떨어집니다.
%
Measure your wealth not by the things you can buy but by the things that no money can buy.
돈으로 살 수 있는 것이 아니라 돈으로 살 수 없는 것으로 부를 측정하세요.
%
To learn from your mistakes first laugh at your mistakes.
실수로부터 배우려면 먼저 실수를 비웃어야 합니다.
%
It's unfortunate when someone you carefully trained leaves; but it is worse if you don't train them and they stay.
공들여 교육한 사람이 떠나는 것은 안타까운 일이지만, 교육하지 않고 그대로 두는 것은 더 큰 문제입니다.
%
Your opinion on a contentious issue gains power when you can argue the opposite side as well as they can.
논쟁의 여지가 있는 이슈에 대한 여러분의 의견은 상대방과 똑같이 반박할 수 있을 때 힘을 얻게 됩니다.
%
When you keep people waiting they begin to think of all your flaws.
사람들을 계속 기다리게 하면 사람들은 당신의 모든 결점을 생각하기 시작합니다.
%
Trust is earned in drops and lost in buckets.
신뢰는 한 방울씩 쌓이고 버킷으로 사라집니다.

Unwavering honesty will help seal in trust.
흔들리지 않는 정직함이 신뢰를 쌓는 데 도움이 됩니다.
%
An honest friend is someone
정직한 친구는 다음과 같은 사람입니다.

who wants nothing at all from you.
당신에게서 아무것도 원하지 않는 사람입니다.
%
You will spend one third of your life in your bed sleeping, and almost another third in your chair sitting.
일생의 3분의 1을 침대에서 자고, 거의 3분의 1을 의자에 앉아 보내게 됩니다.

It's worth investing in a great bed and fantastic chair.
멋진 침대와 멋진 의자에 투자할 가치가 있습니다.
%
The purpose of listening is not to reply, but to hear what is not being said.
경청의 목적은 대답하는 것이 아니라 말하지 않은 내용을 듣는 것입니다.
%
Don't spoil a movie you are sure to see by watching the trailer.
예고편을 보고 꼭 봐야 할 영화를 스포일러하지 마세요.

Only watch trailers for movies you are unsure of, or unlikely to see.
잘 모르거나 볼 것 같지 않은 영화의 예고편만 시청하세요.
%
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
최고의 스승은 마지막 실수입니다.
%
On the dashboard of every gasoline car is a symbol of gas pump with a little arrow.
모든 휘발유 차량의 대시보드에는 작은 화살표가 있는 주유 펌프의 상징이 있습니다.

The arrow points to the side of the car that accesses your gas tank.
화살표는 주유 탱크에 접근하는 차량 측면을 가리킵니다.

Remember this when you borrow or rent a car.
자동차를 빌리거나 렌트할 때 이 점을 기억하세요.
%
The perfect kind of art to display in your home are odd pieces that a child is unlikely to forget.
집에 전시하기에 완벽한 종류의 예술품은 아이가 잊어버리지 않을 것 같은 기묘한 작품입니다.
%
Spending as little as 15 minutes (1% of your day) on improving how you do your thing, is the most powerful way to amplify and advance your thing.
업무 수행 방식을 개선하는 데 하루의 1%인 15분만 투자해도 업무 성과를 높이고 발전시킬 수 있는 가장 강력한 방법입니다.
%
Instead of asking your child what they learned today, ask them who they helped today.
자녀에게 오늘 무엇을 배웠는지 물어보는 대신 오늘 누구를 도왔는지 물어보세요.
%
The greatest killer of happiness is comparison.
행복의 가장 큰 킬러는 비교입니다.

If you must compare, compare yourself to you yesterday.
꼭 비교해야 한다면 어제의 자신과 비교하세요.
%
Your 20s are the perfect time to do a few things that are unusual, weird, bold, risky, unexplainable, crazy, unprofitable, and look nothing like “success.”
20대는 평범하지 않고, 이상하고, 대담하고, 위험하고, 설명할 수 없고, 미쳤고, 수익성이 없고, "성공"과는 전혀 어울리지 않는 몇 가지 일을 하기에 완벽한 시기입니다.

For the rest of your life these experiences will serve as your muse.
남은 인생 동안 이러한 경험은 여러분의 뮤즈가 될 것입니다.
%
Don't define yourself by your opinions because then you can't change your mind.
자신의 의견으로 자신을 정의하지 마세요. 그러면 마음을 바꿀 수 없기 때문입니다.

Define yourself by your values.
자신의 가치관으로 자신을 정의하세요.
%
To succeed once focus on the outcome; to keep succeeding focus on the process that makes the outcome.
한 번 성공하면 결과에 집중하고, 계속 성공하려면 결과를 만들어내는 과정에 집중하세요.
%
Your ideal partner is not someone you never disagree with but someone you are glad to disagree with.
이상적인 파트너는 결코 동의하지 않는 사람이 아니라 기꺼이 동의할 수 있는 사람입니다.
%
An open heart is the most direct path to an open mind.
열린 마음은 열린 사고로 가는 가장 직접적인 길입니다.
%
If you are stuck in life travel to a place you have never heard of.
인생 여행이 막막하다면 한 번도 들어본 적 없는 곳으로 떠나보세요.
%
Being curious about another person's view is the most powerful way to change their view.
다른 사람의 견해에 호기심을 갖는 것은 그들의 견해를 바꿀 수 있는 가장 강력한 방법입니다.
%
If you don't care about your people they won't care about your mission.
직원들을 돌보지 않으면 직원들도 여러분의 미션에 관심을 갖지 않을 것입니다.
%
To speed a meeting up require that any person who speaks must say something no one else in the room knows.
회의 속도를 높이려면 발언하는 사람이 회의실에 있는 다른 사람이 모르는 내용을 말해야 합니다.
%
The rich have money. 부자들은 돈이 있습니다.

The wealthy have time. 부유층은 시간이 있습니다.

It is easier to become wealthy than rich.
부자가 되는 것보다 부자가 되는 것이 더 쉽습니다.
%
If you want to go fast, go alone; if you want to go further, go together.
빨리 가고 싶다면 혼자 가고, 더 멀리 가고 싶다면 함께 가세요.
%
Your best photo portrait will be taken not while you are smiling but when you are quiet a moment after you have been laughing.
최고의 인물 사진은 웃고 있을 때가 아니라 웃고 난 후 잠시 조용히 있을 때 찍을 수 있습니다.

Use a photographer who makes you laugh.
웃음을 자아내는 사진작가를 사용하세요.
%
If your sense of responsibility is not expanding as you grow you are not really growing.
성장하면서 책임감이 확장되지 않는다면 진정한 성장이라고 할 수 없습니다.
%
When making plans you must allow yourself to get lost in order to find the thing you didn't know you were looking for.
계획을 세울 때는 자신이 찾고 있는지도 몰랐던 것을 찾기 위해 길을 잃을 수도 있다는 것을 인정해야 합니다.
%
The natural state of all possessions is to need repair and maintenance.
모든 소유물의 자연스러운 상태는 수리 및 유지 관리가 필요한 것입니다.

What you own will eventually own you.
소유하는 것이 결국 나를 소유하게 됩니다.

Choose selectively. 선택적으로 선택하세요.
%
To write about something hard to explain write a detailed letter to a friend about why it is so hard to explain, and then remove the initial “Dear Friend” part and you'll have a great first draft.
설명하기 어려운 일에 대해 글을 쓰려면 친구에게 왜 그렇게 설명하기 어려운지에 대해 자세히 편지를 쓴 다음 '친애하는 친구에게' 부분을 삭제하면 훌륭한 첫 번째 초고가 완성됩니다.
%
Commit to doing no work no business no income one day a week.
일주일에 하루는 무노동 무수익을 실천하세요.

Call it a sabbath (or not).
안식일이라고 부르거나 안 부를 수 있습니다.

Use that day for resting, recharging, and cultivating the most important things in life.
그 날을 휴식과 재충전, 그리고 인생에서 가장 중요한 것들을 가꾸는 데 사용하세요.

Counterintuitively, this sabbath will prove to be your most productive act all week.
역설적이게도 이 안식일은 일주일 내내 가장 생산적인 시간이 될 것입니다.
%
Embrace pronoia which is the opposite of paranoia.
편집증의 반대 개념인 프로노이아를 받아들여 보세요.

Choose to believe that the entire universe is conspiring behind your back to make you a success.
온 우주가 여러분을 성공시키기 위해 뒤에서 음모를 꾸미고 있다고 믿기로 선택하세요.
%
Go with the option that opens up yet more options.
더 많은 옵션이 열리는 옵션으로 이동합니다.
%
The first step is usually to complete the last step.
첫 번째 단계는 일반적으로 마지막 단계를 완료하는 것입니다.

You can't load into a full dish rack.
가득 찬 식기 선반에는 적재할 수 없습니다.
%
When you are stuck, make a long list of everything that /cannot/ possibly work.
막막할 때는 /할 수 없는/ 모든 것의 긴 목록을 작성하세요.

On that list will be a seed that leads to a solution that will work.
이 목록에는 효과가 있는 솔루션으로 연결되는 씨앗이 있습니다.
%
Right now no matter your age these are your golden years.
나이에 상관없이 지금이 바로 황금기입니다.

The good stuff will yield golden memories and the bad stuff will yield golden lessons.
좋은 경험은 황금빛 추억을, 나쁜 경험은 황금빛 교훈을 만들어낼 것입니다.
%
The most effective remedy for anger is delay.
분노에 대한 가장 효과적인 치료법은 지연입니다.
%
Re-visioning the ordinary is what art, literature, and comedy do.
평범한 것을 새롭게 바라보는 것이 예술, 문학, 코미디가 하는 일입니다.

You can elevate mundane details into magical wonders simply by noticing them.
평범한 디테일도 눈에 띄는 것만으로도 마법 같은 경이로움으로 승화시킬 수 있습니다.
%
Aim to die broke.

Give to your beneficiaries before you die; it's more fun and useful to them.
죽기 전에 수혜자에게 기부하는 것이 더 재미있고 유용합니다.

Spend it all. 모두 사용하세요.

Your last check should go to the funeral home and it should bounce.
마지막 수표는 장례식장으로 보내야 하며 반송되어야 합니다.
%
See that old person taking forever in line?
저기 줄을 오래 서 있는 노인분이 보이시나요?

That is the future you. Have patience. %
이것이 바로 미래의 당신입니다. 인내심을 가지세요. %

Invent as many family rituals as you can handle with ease.
쉽게 처리할 수 있는 만큼 많은 가족 의식을 만들어 보세요.

Anything done on a schedule ---large or small, significant or silly---
크든 작든, 중요하든 사소하든 일정에 따라 수행되는 모든 것---.

can become a ritual. 는 의식이 될 수 있습니다.

Repeated consistently small routines become legendary.
작은 일상을 꾸준히 반복하면 전설이 됩니다.

Anticipation is key. 예측이 핵심입니다.
%
The chief prevention against getting old is to remain astonished.
늙는 것을 예방하는 가장 좋은 방법은 놀라움을 유지하는 것입니다.
%
Art before laundry. 세탁 이전의 예술.
%
Life lessons will be presented to you in the order they are needed.
인생의 교훈은 필요한 순서대로 제시됩니다.

Everything you need to master the lesson is within you.
레슨을 마스터하는 데 필요한 모든 것이 여러분 안에 있습니다.

Once you have truly learned a lesson you will be presented with the next one.
한 가지 교훈을 제대로 익히면 다음 교훈이 제시됩니다.

If you are alive that means you still have lessons to learn.
아직 살아있다는 것은 아직 배워야 할 교훈이 있다는 뜻입니다.
%
Very few regrets in life are about what you did. Almost all are about what you didn't do.
인생에서 후회할 일은 거의 없습니다. 거의 대부분은 하지 않은 일에 대한 후회입니다.
%
Your goal is to be able to say on the day before you die that you have fully become yourself.
여러분의 목표는 죽기 전날 온전히 나 자신이 되었다고 말할 수 있는 것입니다.
%
Advice like these are not laws.
이러한 조언은 법률이 아닙니다.

They are like hats. 모자와 같은 존재입니다.

If one doesn't fit, try another.
한 가지가 맞지 않으면 다른 것을 시도하세요.
%
