Learn how to learn from those you disagree with, or even offend you. See if you can find the truth in what they believe.
- 당신이 동의하지 않거나, 심지어 당신을 기분 상하게 하는 사람에게서도 배우는 방법을 익히세요. 그들이 믿는 것에서 진실을 찾을 수 있는지 보세요.
%
Being enthusiastic is worth 25 IQ points.
- 열정적인 것은 IQ 25의 가치가 있습니다.
%
Always demand a deadline. A deadline weeds out the extraneous and the ordinary. It prevents you from trying to make it perfect, so you have to make it different. Different is better.
- 항상 데드라인을 요구하세요. 데드라인은 관계없거나 평범한 것들을 제거합니다. 데드라인이 "완벽하게" 만들지 못하게 방해해주니까, "다르게" 만들어야 합니다. 다른 것이 좋습니다.
%
Don’t be afraid to ask a question that may sound stupid because 99%  of the time everyone else is thinking of the same question and is too embarrassed to ask it.
- 99%의 사람들은 같은 질문을 생각하니까, 멍청한 질문이라고 생각되는 것이라도 두려워하지 마세요.
%
Being able to listen well is a superpower. While listening to someone you love keep asking them “Is there more?”, until there is no more.
- 잘 들을 수 있는 것은 초능력입니다. 당신이 좋아하는 사람의 말을 들을 때, 그 사람이 더 말할 게 없을 때까지 "더 없어?"라고 물어보세요.
%
A worthy goal for a year is to learn enough about a subject so that you can’t believe how ignorant you were a year earlier.
- 한해동안 가치 있을 만한 목표는 "1년 전에는 어쩜 이걸 몰랐을까?" 싶은 주제에 대해 배우는 것입니다.
%
Gratitude will unlock all other virtues and is something you can get better at.
- 감사하는 것은 다른 모든 미덕의 시작이며, 당신이 더 나아지도록 합니다.
%
Treating a person to a meal never fails, and is so easy to do. It’s powerful with old friends and a great way to make new friends.
- 사람들에게 식사를 대접하는 것은 실행하기도 쉽고 절대 실패하지 않습니다. 오랜 친구에게도 강력하고 새로운 친구를 사귀기에도 좋은 방법입니다.
%
Don’t trust all-purpose glue.
- 다목적 접착제는 믿지 마세요
%
 Reading to your children regularly will bond you together and kickstart their imaginations.
- 아이들에게 정기적으로 책을 읽어주면 당신과 끈끈해지고 상상력을 길러줄 수 있습니다.
%
 Never use a credit card for credit. The only kind of credit, or debt, that is acceptable is debt to acquire something whose exchange value is extremely likely to increase, like in a home. The exchange value of most things diminishes or vanishes the moment you purchase them. Don’t be in debt to losers.
- 신용카드를 사용하지 마세요. 허용 가능한 유일한 부채는 '집'처럼 가격이 끝내는 오를만한 것을 사려고 할 때뿐입니다. 대부분 물건의 가치는 구입순간부터 감소하거나 사라집니다. 빚지지 마세요.
%
 Pros are just amateurs who know how to gracefully recover from their mistakes.
- 전문가(Pro)는 실수로부터 우아하게 회복할 방법을 아는 아마추어일 뿐입니다.
%
 Extraordinary claims should require extraordinary evidence to be believed.
- 특별한 주장은 믿을만한 특별한 증거를 요구하는 게 좋습니다.
%
 Don’t be the smartest person in the room. Hangout with, and learn from, people smarter than yourself. Even better, find smart people who will disagree with you.
- 방에서 가장 똑똑한 사람이 되지 마세요. 자신보다 더 똑똑한 사람들과 만나고 배우세요. 더 나아가 당신에게 동의하지 않는 똑똑한 사람들을 찾으세요.
%
 Rule of 3 in conversation. To get to the real reason, ask a person to go deeper than what they just said. Then again, and once more. The third time’s answer is close to the truth.
- 대화에서의 3의 법칙. 진짜 이유를 들으려면 누군가가 말한 것에 대해 좀 더 깊이 얘기해 달라고 하세요. 그리고 한번, 다시 한번 더. 세번째 대답이 진실에 가깝습니다.
%
 Don’t be the best. Be the only.
- 최고가 되지 말고, 유일한 사람이 되세요.
%
 Everyone is shy. Other people are waiting for you to introduce yourself to them, they are waiting for you to send them an email, they are waiting for you to ask them on a date. Go ahead.
- 모두 부끄러워합니다. 다른 사람들은 당신이 자신을 소개해주기를, 이메일을 보내주기를, 데이트를 요청해주기를 기다리고 있어요. 지금 실행하세요.
%
 Don’t take it personally when someone turns you down. Assume they are like you: busy, occupied, distracted. Try again later. It’s amazing how often a second try works.
- 누군가 당신을 거절할 때 그걸 개인적으로 받아들이지 마세요. 그들도 당신과 같다고 생각하세요. 바쁘고, 뭔가에 점유되어 있고, 산만합니다. 나중에 다시 시도하세요. 두 번째 시도가 얼마나 잘 성공하는지 놀라실걸요.
%
 The purpose of a habit is to remove that action from self-negotiation. You no longer expend energy deciding whether to do it. You just do it. Good habits can range from telling the truth, to flossing.
- 습관의 목적은 자기 자신과 타협하는 행동을 제거하는 것입니다. 할지 말지 고민하는 데 에너지를 쓰지 마세요. 그냥 하세요. 좋은 습관은 진실을 말하는 것부터 치실(flossing)을 하는 것까지 다양합니다.
%
 Promptness is a sign of respect.
- 신속함은 존중의 표시입니다.
%
 When you are young spend at least 6 months to one year living as poor as you can, owning as little as you possibly can, eating beans and rice in a tiny room or tent, to experience what your “worst” lifestyle might be. That way any time you have to risk something in the future you won’t be afraid of the worst case scenario.
- 젊었을 때 가능하다면 적어도 6개월에서 1년까지 아주 작은 방이나 텐트에서 콩과 쌀만 먹으며 빈곤하게 생활해보세요. "가장 나쁜" 생활이 어떨지 한번 경험해보세요. 그러면 미래에 뭔가 위험을 감수해야 할 때, 최악의 시나리오를 두려워하지 않을 것입니다.
%
 Trust me: There is no “them”.
- 저를 믿으세요: "그들"이란 건 없습니다. (역주: 뭔가 내 의견에 반하는 '사람들'이 있는게 아니고 우린 모두 다른 의견을 가진 거라고 생각하고 번역했습니다.)
%
 The more you are interested in others, the more interesting they find you. To be interesting, be interested.
- 다른 사람들에게 관심을 가질수록, 다른 사람들도 당신에게 흥미를 느끼게 됩니다. 흥미로워지려면 관심을 가지세요.
%
 Optimize your generosity. No one on their deathbed has ever regretted giving too much away.
- 관대함을 최적화하세요. 죽을 때 너무 많이 나눠줬다고 후회하는 사람은 없습니다.
%
 To make something good, just do it. To make something great, just re-do it, re-do it, re-do it. The secret to making fine things is in remaking them.
- 좋은 것을 만들려면 그냥 하세요. 위대한 것을 만들려면 다시 하고, 다시 하고, 다시 하세요. 훌륭한 것을 만드는 비결은 다시 만들어 보는 것입니다.
%
 The Golden Rule will never fail you. It is the foundation of all other virtues.
- 황금률 (The Golden Rule, 다른 사람이 해 주었으면 하는 행위를 하라 [1])은 절대 실망하게 하지 않습니다. 그것은 다른 모든 미덕의 기초입니다.
%
 If you are looking for something in your house, and you finally find it, when you’re done with it, don’t put it back where you found it. Put it back where you first looked for it.
- 집에서 뭔가를 찾고 있을 때 마침내 찾았다면 그 자리에 다시 두지 말고, 맨 처음 찾아봤던 곳에 두세요.
%
 Saving money and investing money are both good habits. Small amounts of money invested regularly for many decades without deliberation is one path to wealth.
- 돈을 절약하고 투자하는것은 좋은 습관입니다. 아주 깊이 생각지 않고, 수십년간 소량의 돈을 정기적으로 투자하는 것은 부자가 되는 방법중 하나 입니다.
%
 To make mistakes is human. To own your mistakes is divine. Nothing elevates a person higher than quickly admitting and taking personal responsibility for the mistakes you make and then fixing them fairly. If you mess up, fess up. It’s astounding how powerful this ownership is.
- 실수를 하는 것이 인간입니다. 당신이 실수한다는 것은 매우 신성한 것입니다. 자신이 저지른 실수에 대해 신속하게 인정하고, 공정하게 바로 잡는것 보다 사람을 훌륭하게 만들어주는 것은 없습니다. 뭔가를 망쳤다면, 털어 놓으세요. 이 "실수에 대한 소유권"이 얼마나 강력한지 놀랄겁니다.

- Never get involved in a land war in Asia ( 아시아에서 내전에 관여하지 마십시오 = 분에 넘치는 일은 하지 마세요 )
( 역주: 몽고메리/맥아더가 썻다고 알려진 표현 입니다. 주석에 링크 달겠습니다 [2] )
%
 You can obsess about serving your customers/audience/clients, or you can obsess about beating the competition. Both work, but of the two, obsessing about your customers will take you further.
- 고객/청중/사용자에게 집중하거나, 경쟁에서 이기는 것에 집중할 수 있습니다. 두가지 다 동작하지만, 고객에 집중하는 것이 더 멀리 갈 수 있습니다.
%
 Show up. Keep showing up. Somebody successful said: 99%
 of success is just showing up.
- 보여주세요. 뭔가를 계속 보여주세요. 성공한 사람이 말하길: 99%
의 성공은 그저 보여주는 것입니다. ( 역주: Show up 은 뭔가를 만들어서 보여주는 것, 어딘가에 참석해서 보여주는 것 의 의미도 있지만 [3]의 글을 참고하시면 뭔가를 시작하는 것으로도 이해할수 있습니다. 헬스장에 등록하고 가는 것도 시작, 매일 글을 쓰는 것, 수업에 참석하는 것, 프로젝트에 참여하는 등 뭔가를 시작하는 것을 보여주는 것이라고 이해하면 될 것 같습니다.)
%
 Separate the processes of creation from improving. You can’t write and edit, or sculpt and polish, or make and analyze at the same time. If you do, the editor stops the creator. While you invent, don’t select. While you sketch, don’t inspect. While you write the first draft, don’t reflect. At the start, the creator mind must be unleashed from judgement.
- 창작과 개선과정을 분리하세요. 쓰는것과 편집하는것, 조각하고 다듬는 것, 만들고 분석하는 것을 동시에 할수는 없습니다. 동시에 한다면 내 안의 편집자가 창작자를 막게 됩니다. 발명하는 동안 선택하지 마세요. 스케치 하는동안 검사하지 마세요. 초안 작성중에는 반영하지 마세요. 처음에는 창작자의 마음이 판단으로부터 해방되어야 합니다.
%
 If you are not falling down occasionally, you are just coasting.
- 당신이 가끔 쓰러지지 않는다면, 설렁 설렁하고 있는 것입니다.
%
 Perhaps the most counter-intuitive truth of the universe is that the more you give to others, the more you’ll get. Understanding this is the beginning of wisdom.
- 아마도 우주의 진리중 가장 반직관적인 것은 "남에게 더 많이 줄수록, 더 많이 얻게 된다는 것" 입니다. 이것을 이해하는 것이 지혜의 시작입니다.
%
 Friends are better than money. Almost anything money can do, friends can do better. In so many ways a friend with a boat is better than owning a boat.
- 친구가 돈보다 낫습니다. 돈이 할 수 있는 거의 모든 것은, 대부분 친구들이 더 잘합니다. 여러가지면에서 배를 소유하는 것보다, 배를 가진 친구가 낫습니다.
%
 This is true: It’s hard to cheat an honest man.
- 분명한 사실: 정직한 사람을 속이는 것은 어렵습니다.
%
 When an object is lost, 95% of the time it is hiding within arm’s reach of where it was last seen. Search in all possible locations in that radius and you’ll find it.
- 물건을 잃어버렸을 때, 95%는 마지막으로 본 곳에서 팔 닿는곳에 있습니다. 해당 반경내에서 모든 곳을 뒤져보면 찾을수 있습니다.
%
 You are what you do. Not what you say, not what you believe, not how you vote, but what you spend your time on.
- 당신은 당신이 하는 일로 표현됩니다. 당신이 하는 말이 아니라, 믿는 것이 아니라, 투표하는 방식이 아니라, 당신이 시간을 쓰는 그 것이 당신을 말해줍니다.
%
 If you lose or forget to bring a cable, adapter or charger, check with your hotel. Most hotels now have a drawer full of cables, adapters and chargers others have left behind, and probably have the one you are missing. You can often claim it after borrowing it.
- 케이블,어댑터,충전기를 잃어버리거나 안 가져왔을 때 호텔에 문의하세요. 대부분의 호텔은 누군가 놓고간 케이블, 어댑터 및 충전기로 가득찬 서랍을 가지고 있을겁니다. 당신이 잃어버린게 거기 있을지도 몰라요.
%
 Hatred is a curse that does not affect the hated. It only poisons the hater. Release a grudge as if it was a poison.
- 증오는 미움 받는 사람(the hated)에게는 영향을 주지 않는 저주입니다. 증오하는 본인(the hater)만 아프게 하는 독약과 같습니다. 독약인 것 처럼 원한을 놓아버리세요.
%
 There is no limit on better. Talent is distributed unfairly, but there is no limit on how much we can improve what we start with.
- 더 잘 하는 것 (better) 에는 제한이 없습니다. 재능은 불공평하게 분배되지만, 우리가 가지고 시작한 것을 얼마나 향상시킬 수 있는지는 제한이 없습니다.
%
 Be prepared: When you are 90% done any large project (a house, a film, an event, an app) the rest of the myriad details will take a second 90% to complete.
- 준비하세요: 큰 프로젝트 (집, 영화, 이벤트, 앱)를 90% 완료하면, 무수한 세부사항의 나머지를 완료하는데 두번째 90%가 걸립니다.
%
 When you die you take absolutely nothing with you except your reputation.
- 당신이 죽을 때 평판외에는 아무것도 가져가지 못합니다.
%
 Before you are old, attend as many funerals as you can bear, and listen. Nobody talks about the departed’s achievements. The only thing people will remember is what kind of person you were while you were achieving.
- 나이가 들기전에 가능한 많은 장례식에 참여하고 들으세요. 떠난 사람의 업적에 대해 얘기하는 사람은 없습니다. 사람들이 유일하게 기억하는 것은 당신이 업적을 달성하는 동안 어떤 사람이었나 하는 것 뿐입니다.
%
 For every dollar you spend purchasing something substantial, expect to pay a dollar in repairs, maintenance, or disposal by the end of its life.
- 뭔가 비용을 들여서 큰 것을 구매할 때마다, 그것의 수명이 다할때까지 수리, 유지보수, 폐기하는데에도 같은 비용이 들어갈 것을 예상하세요.
%
 Anything real begins with the fiction of what could be. Imagination is therefore the most potent force in the universe, and a skill you can get better at. It’s the one skill in life that benefits from ignoring what everyone else knows.
- 현실은 있을법한 허구에서 시작합니다. 그러므로 상상력은 우주에서 가장 강력한 힘이며, 당신이 더 향상시킬수 있는 기술입니다. 그건 다른 사람들이 모두 다 아는 것을 무시함으로써 혜택을 얻는 유일한 기술 입니다.
%
 When crisis and disaster strike, don’t waste them. No problems, no progress.
- 위기와 재난이 닥쳤을때, 그걸 낭비하지 마세요. 문제가 없다면 진보도 없습니다.
%
 On vacation go to the most remote place on your itinerary first, bypassing the cities. You’ll maximize the shock of otherness in the remote, and then later you’ll welcome the familiar comforts of a city on the way back.
- 휴가를 갈 땐, 도시를 벗어나 일정상 가장 먼곳으로 먼저 가세요. 멀리 떨어진 곳에서 타인이 되어보는 충격을 최대화 하면, 돌아올 때 도시의 친숙한 편안함을 즐기게 될겁니다.
%
 When you get an invitation to do something in the future, ask yourself: would you accept this if it was scheduled for tomorrow? Not too many promises will pass that immediacy filter.
- 미래에 뭔가 해달라는 초대를 받았을 때 자신에게 물어보세요: 만약 그게 내일로 예정된 것이라면 수락할 것인가요? 많은 약속들이 이 빠른 필터를 통과하지 못합니다.
%
 Don’t say anything about someone in email you would not be comfortable saying to them directly, because eventually they will read it.
- 누군가에게 직접 말하는 게 불편한 내용은 이메일에서도 언급하지 마세요. 그 사람은 결국 그걸 읽게 될테니까요.
%
 If you desperately need a job, you are just another problem for a boss; if you can solve many of the problems the boss has right now, you are hired. To be hired, think like your boss.
- 당신이 정말 직업이 필요한거라면, 보스에겐 당신은 또 다른 문제일 뿐입니다. 당신이 보스가 지금 당면한 문제들을 해결해 줄 수 있다면 당신을 뽑을 겁니다. 채용되려면 당신의 보스처럼 생각하세요.
%
 Art is in what you leave out.
- 생략한 것이 예술이 됩니다.
%
 Acquiring things will rarely bring you deep satisfaction. But acquiring experiences will.
- 물건을 얻는 것은 가끔 깊은 만족감을 주기도 합니다. 하지만 경험을 얻는 것은 항상 깊은 만족감을 줍니다.
%
 Rule of 7 in research. You can find out anything if you are willing to go seven levels. If the first source you ask doesn’t know, ask them who you should ask next, and so on down the line. If you are willing to go to the 7th source, you’ll almost always get your answer.
- 조사할 때 7의 법칙. 7단계를 갈 수 있다면 무엇이든 찾을 수 있습니다. 첫번째 물어본 사람이 모르면, 그 사람에게 다음으로 누구한테 물어야 할지를 물어보고 계속 하세요. 7번째 까지 가려고 할때면 거의 항상 답을 얻을 것입니다.
%
 How to apologize: Quickly, specifically, sincerely.
- 사과 하는법 : 신속하게, 구체적으로, 진심을 담아.
%
 Don’t ever respond to a solicitation or a proposal on the phone. The urgency is a disguise.
- 전화로 오는 요청이나 제안에 응답하지 마세요. 긴급함은 위장입니다.
%
 When someone is nasty, rude, hateful, or mean with you, pretend they have a disease. That makes it easier to have empathy toward them which can soften the conflict.
- 누군가가 당신에게 불쾌하고 무례하거나 증오하고 심술맞게 굴때 그들이 병에 걸렸다고 생각하세요. 그들에게 공감하는걸 쉽게 만들어서, 갈등을 완화시키는데 도움이 됩니다.
%
 Eliminating clutter makes room for your true treasures.
- 주변의 어지러운 것들을 제거하면, 진정한 보물을 위한 공간이 만들어집니다.
%
 You really don’t want to be famous. Read the biography of any famous person.
- 당신은 진짜로 유명해지고 싶지는 않을꺼에요. 누구든 유명한 사람의 전기를 한번 읽어보세요.
%
 Experience is overrated. When hiring, hire for aptitude, train for skills. Most really amazing or great things are done by people doing them for the first time.
- 경험은 과대평가 되고 있습니다. 누군가를 고용할 때, 적성을 보고 뽑고, 기술은 가르치세요. 사람들이 하는 가장 놀랍거나 위대한 일들은 보통 처음 해보는 것들입니다.
%
 A vacation + a disaster = an adventure.
- 휴가 + 재난 = 모험
%
 Buying tools: Start by buying the absolute cheapest tools you can find. Upgrade the ones you use a lot. If you wind up using some tool for a job, buy the very best you can afford.
- 도구를 살때: 가장 싼 도구를 사서 시작하세요. 많이 쓰는 도구를 업그레이드 하세요. 만약 어떤 도구를 사용하여 일을 마무리했을 때, 당신이 감당할 수 있는 최상의 것을 사세요.
%
 Learn how to take a 20-minute power nap without embarrassment.
- 부끄러워 하지 않고 20분동안 Power Nap(에너지를 보충하는 짧은 낮잠) 자는 법을 익히세요.
%
 Following your bliss is a recipe for paralysis if you don’t know what you are passionate about. A better motto for most youth is “master something, anything”. Through mastery of one thing, you can drift towards extensions of that mastery that bring you more joy, and eventually discover where your bliss is.
- 어떤 것에 열정을 가지고 있는지 모른 체 단순히 행복만을 좇다␜보면 무기력해지게 됩니다. 많은 젊은이들을 위한 좀 더 좋은 모토는 "뭔가를 마스터하세요. 어떤것이라도" 입니다. 한 가지 숙달하는 것을 통해서 더 큰 기쁨을 주는 다른 것으로 확장해 갈 수 있고, 결국엔 행복이 어디에 있는지 알게 됩니다.
%
 I’m positive that in 100 years much of what I take to be true today will be proved to be wrong, maybe even embarrassingly wrong, and I try really hard to identify what it is that I am wrong about today.
- 나는 100년안에 오늘 내가 진실이라고 믿는 것의 대부분이 틀렸다고 밝혀지거나, 난처할 정도로 잘못한 것이 될 것임을 확신하고, 오늘 내가 틀린것이 무엇인지 확인하기 위해 열심히 노력합니다.
%
 Over the long term, the future is decided by optimists. To be an optimist you don’t have to ignore all the many problems we create; you just have to imagine improving our capacity to solve problems.
- 장기적으로 미래는 낙관론자 들에 의해 결정됩니다. 낙관론자가 되기 위해 우리가 만드는 많은 문제를 무시할 필요는 없습니다. 문제를 해결하는 능력을 향상시키도록 계속 꿈꿔야 합니다.
%
 The universe is conspiring behind your back to make you a success. This will be much easier to do if you embrace this pronoia.
- 온 우주가 당신을 성공시키기 위해 뒤에서 협력하고 있습니다. 이 낙관적 믿음(Pronoia)을 받아들이면, 훨씬 쉬워질겁니다.
%
