 That thing that made you weird as a kid could make you great as an adult — if you don’t lose it.
- 어렸을 적 당신을 이상하게(Weird) 했던 것들을 잃지 않는다면, 어른이 되었을 때 당신을 위대하게 만들 수 있습니다.
%
 If you have any doubt at all about being able to carry a load in one trip, do yourself a huge favor and make two trips.
- 한 번에 모든짐을 다 옮길 수 있을까 고민된다면, 나 스스로를 위해서 두번에 나누어서 짐을 옮기세요.
%
 What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. At your funeral people will not recall what you did; they will only remember how you made them feel.
- 목표를 달성하여 얻는 것들은 목표를 달성함으로써 당신이 무엇이 되는 지에 비해 중요하지 않습니다. 장례식에서 사람들은 당신이 한 일을 기억하지 못할 것입니다; 그들은 당신을 어떻게 느꼈는지 만을 기억할 겁니다.
%
 Recipe for success: under-promise and over-deliver.
- 성공을 위한 비법: 적게 약속하고 초과 제공하기
%
 It’s not an apology if it comes with an excuse. It is not a compliment if it comes with a request.
- 변명 거리가 있다면 사과가 아닙니다. 요청과 함께 한다면 칭찬이 아닙니다.
%
 Jesus, Superman, and Mother Teresa never made art. Only imperfect beings can make art because art begins in what is broken.
- 예수, 슈퍼맨, 마더 테레사 는 결코 예술을 만들지 않았습니다. 예술은 부서진 것에서 시작하기 때문에, 불완전한 존재만이 예술을 만들 수 있습니다.
%
 If someone is trying to convince you it’s not a pyramid scheme, it’s a pyramid scheme.
- 누군가 당신에게 피라미드 사기가 아니라는 걸 납득시키려 한다면 그건 피라미드 사기입니다.
%
 Learn how to tie a bowline knot. Practice in the dark. With one hand. For the rest of your life you’ll use this knot more times than you would ever believe.
- Bowline 매듭 묶는 법을 배우세요. 어둠속에서 연습하세요. 한손으로 연습하세요. 남은 생애동안 믿지 못할 만큼 많이 사용하게 될 겁니다.
%
 If something fails where you thought it would fail, that is not a failure.
- 실패할 것이라고 생각했던 부분에서 실패했다면, 실패가 아닙니다.
%
 Be governed not by the tyranny of the urgent but by the elevation of the important.
- 긴급함의 폭정 보다는 중요함의 높이에 의해 다스려 지세요. (역주 : 긴급 한 것 보다는 중요한 걸 먼저 하세요)
%
 Leave a gate behind you the way you first found it.
- 문은 처음 봤을 때의 모양으로 두고 가세요.
%
 The greatest rewards come from working on something that nobody has a name for. If you possibly can, work where there are no words for what you do.
- 가장 큰 보상은 아무 이름 없는 일을 할 때 받게 됩니다. 가능하다면, 당신이 하는 일에 대해 아무런 얘기도 없는 것을 하세요.
%
 A balcony or porch needs to be at least 6 feet (2m) deep or it won’t be used.
- 발코니나 포취(문 앞에 지붕이 덮여진 공간) 는 적어도 2미터 깊이는 되어야 합니다. 안 그러면 사용하지 않게 됩니다.
%
 Don’t create things to make money; make money so you can create things. The reward for good work is more work.
- 돈을 벌기 위해 물건을 만들지 마세요; 돈을 벌면 물건을 만들 수 있습니다. 좋은 일에 대한 보상은 더 많은 일입니다.
%
 In all things — except love — start with the exit strategy. Prepare for the ending. Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
- 사랑을 제외한 모든 것에 출구 전략을 가지고 시작하세요. 결말을 준비하세요. 거의 모든 것들이 들어가는 것보다 나오는 게 어렵습니다.
%
 Train employees well enough they could get another job, but treat them well enough so they never want to.
- 직원들이 다른 직업을 구할 수 있을 만큼 충분히 교육하되, 그들이 나가고 싶지 않을 만큼 충분히 잘 대우하세요.
%
 Don’t aim to have others like you; aim to have them respect you.
- 다른 사람들이 당신과 같이 되기를 목표로 하지 마세요. 그들이 당신을 존중하는 걸 목표로 하세요.
%
 The foundation of maturity: Just because it’s not your fault doesn’t mean it’s not your responsibility.
- 성숙의 기초: 당신의 잘못이 아니라고 해서, 당신의 책임이 아니라는 걸 의미하지는 않습니다.
%
 A multitude of bad ideas is necessary for one good idea.
- 하나의 좋은 아이디어에는 다수의 나쁜 아이디어들이 필요합니다.
%
 Being wise means having more questions than answers.
- 현명하다는 것은 대답보다 질문이 많다는 것을 의미합니다.
%
 Compliment people behind their back. It’ll come back to you.
- 사람들의 등 뒤에서 칭찬하세요. 당신에게 돌아올 겁니다.
%
 Most overnight successes — in fact any significant successes — take at least 5 years. Budget your life accordingly.
- 대부분의 하룻밤 성공(벼락 성공) - 사실 모든 중대한 성공들 - 엔 적어도 5년이 걸립니다. 그에 따라 삶을 계획하세요
%
 You are only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
- 당신은 마지막으로 당신의 마음을 바꿨을 때 만큼 젊습니다.
%
 Assume anyone asking for your account information for any reason is guilty of scamming you, unless proven innocent. The way to prove innocence is to call them back, or login to your account using numbers or a website that you provide, not them. Don’t release any identifying information while they are contacting you via phone, message or email. You must control the channel.
- 어떤 이유던 당신의 계정 정보를 묻는 사람이 무죄라고 입증되지 않는 한, 당신을 대상으로 사기치는 유죄라고 가정합니다. 무죄를 증명하는 방법은 그들에게 다시 전화를 걸거나, 그들이 제공한 번호나 웹사이트가 아닌 당신이 입력한 정보로 로그인 해보는 겁니다. 그들이 전화, 메시지, 이메일로 연락한다면 어떤 식별 정보도 공개하지 마세요. 당신이 채널을 통제해야 합니다.
%
 Sustained outrage makes you stupid.
- 지속적인 분노는 당신을 어리석게 만듭니다.
%
 Be strict with yourself and forgiving of others. The reverse is hell for everyone.
- 당신에게 엄격하고 다른 사람을 용서하세요. 그 반대는 모두에게 지옥입니다.
%
 Your best response to an insult is “You’re probably right.” Often they are.
- 모욕에 대한 최고의 반응은 "당신이 옳을 수도 있어요" 입니다. 종종 그렇습니다.
%
 The worst evils in history have always been committed by those who truly believed they were combating evil. Beware of combating evil.
- 역사상 최악의 악은 항상 자신들이 악과 싸우고 있다고 믿는 사람들이 저질러 왔습니다. 악과 싸우는 것을 조심하세요.
%
 If you can avoid seeking approval of others, your power is limitless.
- 다른 사람에게 인정 받고자 하는 것을 피할 수 있다면, 당신의 힘은 무한합니다.
%
 When a child asks an endless string of “why?” questions, the smartest reply is, “I don’t know, what do you think?”
- 아이가 "왜?"라는 질문을 계속할 때 현명한 대답은 "잘 모르겠는데, 넌 어떻게 생각해?" 입니다.
%
 To be wealthy, accumulate all those things that money can’t buy.
- 부유해지려면, 돈으로 살 수 없는 모든 것을 축적하십시오.
%
 Be the change you wish to see.
- 당신이 보고 싶은 변화가 되세요.
%
 When brainstorming, improvising, jamming with others, you’ll go much further and deeper if you build upon each contribution with a playful “yes — and” example instead of a deflating “no — but” reply.
- 다른 사람들과 브레인스토밍, 즉흥적으로 뭘 하거나(improvising), 재밍(Jamming, 즉흥연주) 등을 할 때, "아니오, 하지만(no - but)" 보다는 "네 - 그리고(yes - and)" 형태로 기여하면 더 멀리 깊게 참여 할 수 있습니다.
%
 Work to become, not to acquire.
- 얻기 위해 일하지 말고, 뭔가 가 되기 위해 일하세요.
%
 Don’t loan money to a friend unless you are ready to make it a gift.
- 선물할 게 아니라면 친구한테 돈을 빌려주지 마세요.
%
 On the way to a grand goal, celebrate the smallest victories as if each one were the final goal. No matter where it ends you are victorious.
- 위대한 목표를 향해 갈 때, 작은 승리 들을 마지막 목표 인 것처럼 축하하세요. 그것이 어디서 끝나든 당신은 승리하게 됩니다.
%
 Calm is contagious.
- 평온은 전염성이 있습니다.
%
 Even a foolish person can still be right about most things. Most conventional wisdom is true.
- 멍청한 사람도 대부분의 일에 대해서 옳을 수 있습니다. 대부분의 통념은 사실입니다.
%
 Always cut away from yourself.
- 항상 자신을 멀리하세요.
%
 Show me your calendar and I will tell you your priorities. Tell me who your friends are, and I’ll tell you where you’re going.
- 달력을 보여주시면 우선 순위를 알려드릴게요. 친구가 누구인지 말해주면, 당신이 어디로 가는지 알려드릴게요.
%
 When hitchhiking, look like the person you want to pick you up.
- 히치하이킹을 할 때는, 당신이 픽업 해 가고 싶은 사람처럼 보이세요.
%
 Contemplating the weaknesses of others is easy; contemplating the weaknesses in yourself is hard, but it pays a much higher reward.
- 다른 사람의 약점을 고민하는 것은 쉽습니다. 자신의 약점을 고민하는 것은 어렵지만 훨씬 더 많은 보상을 줍니다.
%
 Worth repeating: measure twice, cut once.
- 반복할 만한 가치가 있는 것: 두번 재고, 한번에 자릅니다.
%
 Your passion in life should fit you exactly; but your purpose in life should exceed you. Work for something much larger than yourself.
- 삶에 대한 당신의 열정은 당신에게 딱 맞아야 합니다; 하지만 당신의 삶의 목적은 당신을 능가 해야 합니다. 당신 자신보다 더 큰 무언가를 위해 일하세요.
%
 If you can’t tell what you desperately need, it’s probably sleep.
- 당신에게 절실하게 필요한 게 뭔지 알 수 없다면, 아마도 수면 일 겁니다.
%
 When playing Monopoly, spend all you have to buy, barter, or trade for the Orange properties. Don’t bother with Utilities.
- 모노폴리를 할 때, 모든 가진 것을 이용해서 오렌지색 땅을 사거나, 교환하거나, 거래하세요. 유틸리티에 신경쓰지 마세요.
(역주 : 오렌지색 땅은 보드판 중간쯤에 있는 뉴욕/테네시/ST.James 3개의 땅입니다. 감옥에서 탈출할 때 대부분이 이곳 땅에 방문하게 되어, 모노폴리 전체에서 평균을 냈을 때 가장 많이 방문하는 땅입니다. 가격도 비싸지 않고, 건물만 잘 지어놓는다면 최대의 수익률을 낼 수 있는 위치)
%
 If you borrow something, try to return it in better shape than you received it. Clean it, sharpen it, fill it up.
- 뭔가를 빌린 경우, 받았을 때 보다 더 좋은 모양으로 돌려주려고 노력해보세요. 청소하고, 날카롭게 만들고, 채워서 돌려주세요.
%
 Even in the tropics it gets colder at night than you think. Pack warmly.
- 열대 지방에서도 밤에는 생각보다 춥습니다. 따뜻하게 챙겨가세요.
%
 To quiet a crowd or a drunk, just whisper.
- 군중이나 술취한 사람을 조용하게 만들려면, 속삭이세요.
%
 Writing down one thing you are grateful for each day is the cheapest possible therapy ever.
- 매일 감사한 것 한 가지를 적는 것이 가장 저렴한 치료법입니다.
%
 When someone tells you something is wrong, they’re usually right. When someone tells you how to fix it, they’re usually wrong.
- 누군가 당신에게 뭔가 잘못되었다고 얘기한다면, 대부분 그들이 옳습니다. 누군가 그걸 고치는 방법을 얘기한다면, 대부분 그들이 틀렸습니다.
%
 If you think you saw a mouse, you did. And, if there is one, there are more.
- 쥐를 본 것 같다고 생각이 든다면, 당신이 맞습니다. 하나가 있다면, 더 있습니다.
%
 Money is overrated. Truly new things rarely need an abundance of money. If that was so, billionaires would have a monopoly on inventing new things, and they don’t. Instead almost all breakthroughs are made by those who lack money, because they are forced to rely on their passion, persistence and ingenuity to figure out new ways. Being poor is an advantage in innovation.
- 돈은 과대평가 되었습니다. 진짜로 새로운 것에는 많은 돈이 필요하지 않습니다. 만약 그렇다면, 억만장자들이 새로운 것을 개발하는 것을 독점하겠지만, 그렇지 못합니다. 대신 거의 모든 돌파구들은 돈이 없는 사람들에 의해 만들어집니다. 그들은 새로운 길을 찾기 위해 그들의 열정, 끈기, 독창성에 의존해야 하기 때문입니다. 가난은 혁신 하는데 어드밴티지를 줍니다.
%
 Ignore what others may be thinking of you, because they aren’t.
- 다른 사람들이 당신에 대해 어떻게 생각하는지 무시하세요. 그들은 그렇게 생각하지 않습니다.
%
 Avoid hitting the snooze button. That’s just training you to oversleep.
- 스누즈 버튼을 누르지 마세요. 그게 당신을 늦잠 자도록 훈련 시키는 겁니다.
%
 Always say less than necessary.
- 항상 필요한 것보다 적게 말하세요.
%
 You are given the gift of life in order to discover what your gift *in* life is. You will complete your mission when you figure out what your mission is. This is not a paradox. This is the way.
- 당신은 당신 삶에 선물이 뭔 지를 알아내기 위해 삶이란 선물을 받았습니다. 당신의 미션이 뭔 지 알아내면 당신은 미션을 완수하게 될 겁니다. 패러독스가 아닙니다. 이게 길이예요.
%
 Don’t treat people as bad as they are. Treat them as good as you are.
- 사람들을 있는 그대로 나쁘게 대하지 마세요. 당신처럼 그들을 잘 대우해 주세요.
%
 It is much easier to change how you think by changing your behavior, than it is to change your behavior by changing how you think. Act out the change you seek.
- 행동을 바꾸어 생각을 바꾸는 게, 생각을 바꿔 행동을 바꾸는 것보다 더 쉽습니다. 추구하는 변화를 실천하세요.
%
 You can eat any dessert you want if you take only 3 bites.
- 세 입만 먹을 수 있다면 어떤 디저트든 먹어도 됩니다.
%
 Each time you reach out to people, bring them a blessing; then they’ll be happy to see you when you bring them a problem.
- 사람들에게 다가갈 때마다 축복을 가져다 주세요; 그러면 당신이 문제를 가져갈 때도 당신을 즐겁게 맞아줄 겁니다.
%
 Bad things can happen fast, but almost all good things happen slowly.
- 나쁜 일은 빨리 일어날 수 있지만, 대부분의 좋은 일은 느리게 일어납니다.
%
 Don’t worry how or where you begin. As long as you keep moving, your success will be far from where you start.
- 어디서 어떻게 시작할지 걱정하지 마세요. 계속 움직인다면, 당신의 성공은 당신이 시작했던 곳에서 멀리 떨어져 있을꺼예요.
%
 When you confront a stuck bolt or screw: righty tighty, lefty loosey.
- 고정된 볼트 또는 나사를 만났을 때: 오른쪽으로 단단히 조이고, 왼쪽으로 느슨하게 합니다.
%
 If you meet a jerk, overlook them. If you meet jerks everywhere everyday, look deeper into yourself.
- 멍청이를 만나면 간과하세요. 멍청이를 매일 어디서나 본다면, 당신 자신을 깊게 들여다보세요.
%
 Dance with your hips.
- 엉덩이로 춤추세요.
%
 We are not bodies that temporarily have souls. We are souls that temporarily have bodies.
- 우리는 일시적으로 영혼을 가진 육체가 아닙니다. 우린 일시적으로 육체를 가진 영혼입니다.
%
 You can reduce the annoyance of someone’s stupid belief by increasing your understanding of why they believe it.
- 누군가의 어리석은 믿음에 대해서, 그들이 왜 그걸 믿는 지에 대한 이해도를 높이면 두통을 줄일 수 있습니다.
%
 If your goal does not have a schedule, it is a dream.
- 목표에 스케줄이 없다면 그건 꿈입니다.
%
 All the greatest gains in life — in wealth, relationships, or knowledge —come from the magic of compounding interest — amplifying small steady gains. All you need for abundance is to keep adding 1%
 more than you subtract on a regular basis.
- 부, 관계, 지식과 같이 인생에서 얻는 모든 중요한 것들은, 작게 꾸준히 얻는 것을 증폭시키는 복리의 마법에서 비롯됩니다. 풍요로움을 위해 필요한 것은 정기적으로 빼는 것보다 1%
 더 하는 것입니다.
%
 The greatest breakthroughs are missed because they look like hard work.
- 가장 큰 돌파구는 힘든 일처럼 보이기 때문에 놓치게 됩니다.
%
 People can’t remember more than 3 points from a speech.
- 사람들은 연설에서 3가지 이상을 기억하지 못합니다.
%
 I have never met a person I admired who did not read more books than I did.
- 내가 읽었던 것보다 더 많은 책을 읽지 않은, 내가 존경하는 사람을 만난 적이 없습니다.
%
 The greatest teacher is called “doing”.
- 가장 위대한 교사는 "행동하는 것" 이라고 합니다.
%
 Finite games are played to win or lose. Infinite games are played to keep the game going. Seek out infinite games because they yield infinite rewards.
- 유한 게임은 승리 또는 패배를 위해 진행합니다. 무한 게임은 게임을 계속하기 위해 진행합니다. 무한한 보상을 주는 무한한 게임을 찾으세요.
%
 Everything is hard before it is easy. The day before something is a breakthrough, it’s a stupid idea.
- 모든 것은 쉽기 전에 어렵습니다. 무언가 돌파구가 되기 전날에는 그건 어리석은 생각입니다.
%
 A problem that can be solved with money is not really a problem.
- 돈으로 해결할 수 있는 문제는 실제로 문제가 아닙니다.
%
 When you are stuck, sleep on it. Let your subconscious work for you.
- 뭔가에 막히면, 그거 위에 잠을 자세요. 당신의 잠재의식이 당신을 위해 일하게 하세요.
%
 Your work will be endless, but your time is finite. You cannot limit the work so you must limit your time. Hours are the only thing you can manage.
- 작업은 끝이 없을 것이지만, 시간은 한정되어 있습니다. 작업을 제한할 수 없으므로 시간을 제한해야 합니다. 당신이 관리할 수 있는 건 시간뿐입니다.
%
 To succeed, get other people to pay you; to become wealthy, help other people to succeed.
- 성공하려면, 다른 사람들이 당신에게 지불하게 하세요; 부유해 지려면, 다른 사람들이 성공하도록 도와주세요.
%
 Children totally accept — and crave — family rules. “In our family we have a rule for X” is the only excuse a parent needs for setting a family policy. In fact, “I have a rule for X” is the only excuse you need for your own personal policies.
- 아이들은 가족의 규칙을 전적으로 받아들이고 필요로 합니다. "우리 가족엔 X에 대한 규칙이 있습니다."는 부모가 가족의 정책을 설정하는데 필요한 유일한 변명입니다. 사실, "나는 X에 대한 규칙이 있습니다" 는 당신의 개인적인 정책에 필요한 유일한 변명입니다.
%
All guns are loaded.
- 모든 총은 장전 되어 있습니다.
%
Many backward steps are made by standing still.
- 많은 뒷걸음질은 가만히 서있을 때 이루어집니다.
%
This is the best time ever to make something. None of the greatest, coolest creations 20 years from now have been invented yet. You are not late.
- 지금이 뭔가를 만들기에 가장 좋은 시기입니다. 지금으로부터 20년 후의 가장 위대한/멋진 작품은 아직 발명 되지 않았습니다. 당신은 늦지 않았어요.
%
No rain, no rainbow.
- 비가 오지 않으면, 무지개도 없습니다.
%
Every person you meet knows an amazing lot about something you know virtually nothing about. Your job is to discover what it is, and it won’t be obvious.
- 당신이 만나는 모든 사람은, 당신이 거의 알지 못하는 것에 대해 놀라운 것들을 알고 있습니다. 당신의 임무는 그것이 무엇인지 발견하는 것이고, 그건 명확하진 않을 겁니다.
%
You don’t marry a person, you marry a family.
- 사람과 결혼하는 것이 아니고, 가족과 결혼합니다.
%
Always give credit, take blame.
- 항상 (다른 사람에게) 공로를 돌리고, 비난(책임)을 받으세요. [1]
%
Be frugal in all things, except in your passions splurge.
- 당신의 열정이 과장된 경우를 제외하고, 모든 일에서 검소하세요.
%
When making something, always get a few extras — extra material, extra parts, extra space, extra finishes. The extras serve as backups for mistakes, reduce stress, and fill your inventory for the future. They are the cheapest insurance.
- 뭔가를 만들 때 항상 추가 재료, 추가 부속, 추가 공간, 추가 마감 등 여분을 챙기세요. 이 여분들은 실수에 대한 백업이 되고, 스트레스를 줄이고, 미래를 위해 재고를 채워 줍니다. 가장 싼 보험이에요.
%
Something does not need to be perfect to be wonderful. Especially weddings.
- 훌륭해 지기 위해 완벽할 필요는 없습니다. 특히 결혼식.
%
Don’t let your email inbox become your to-do list.
- 이메일의 받은 편지함이 할 일 목록이 되지 않게 하세요.
%
The best way to untangle a knotty tangle is not to “untie” the knots, but to keep pulling the loops apart wider and wider. Just make the mess as big, loose and open as possible. As you open up the knots they will unravel themselves. Works on cords, strings, hoses, yarns, or electronic cables.
- 엉킨 것들을 푸는 가장 좋은 방법은 매듭을 푸는 것이 아니라, 꼬인 고리들을 더 넓게 잡아 당기는 것입니다. 엉망진창인 것을 크고, 느슨하게 개방하세요. 매듭을 열면 알아서 풀릴 겁니다. 코드, 끈, 호스, 실, 또는 전기 케이블에 작동 됩니다.
%
Be a good ancestor. Do something a future generation will thank you for. A simple thing is to plant a tree.
- 좋은 조상이 되세요. 미래 세대들이 당신에게 감사해 할 일을 하세요. 가장 간단한 것은 나무를 심는 것입니다.
%
To combat an adversary, become their friend.
- 적과 싸우려면, 그들과 친구가 되세요.
%
Take one simple thing — almost anything — but take it extremely seriously, as if it was the only thing in the world, or maybe the entire world is in it — and by taking it seriously you’ll light up the sky.
- 거의 모든 것들에서 단순한 것 하나를 취하되, 그걸 전세계에서 가장 유일하거나 마치 전세계가 그 안에 있는 것처럼 진지하게 받아 들이세요. 진지하게 받아들이면 하늘을 밝히게 될 겁니다.
%
History teaches us that in 100 years from now some of the assumptions you believed will turn out to be wrong. A good question to ask yourself today is “What might I be wrong about?”
- 역사는 지금으로부터 100년 후에 당신이 믿었던 가정 중의 일부가 잘못된 것으로 판명될 것이라고 가르칩니다. 오늘 스스로에게 물어볼 좋은 질문은 "내가 무엇에 대해 잘못 알고 있을까?" 입니다.
%
Be nice to your children because they are going to choose your nursing home.
- 자녀들이 당신의 요양원을 선택할 것이기 때문에, 자녀에게 친절하게 대해주세요.
%
Advice like these are not laws. They are like hats. If one doesn’t fit, try another.
- 이런 조언들은 법률이 아닙니다. 그들은 모자와 같습니다. 맞지 않다면 다른 걸 시도해보세요.
%
